-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 S85mUPHqdOvg8f8WM7b5WE9vo4N9QOcKI0/DukdZdNl+sT0RqGVdpK4YYpEv0+j2
 b/KPeIO2eR1snco48j0Bhw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950134-01-000502.txt : 20010129
<SEC-HEADER>0000950134-01-000502.hdr.sgml : 20010129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-01-000502
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				741563240
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07259
		FILM NUMBER:		1516361

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2702 LOVE FIELD DR
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 36611
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75235
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2147924000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 36611
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75235-1611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIR SOUTHWEST CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d83557e10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL YEAR END DECEMBER 31, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
================================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
[X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000 or
[ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from ____________ to ____________

Commission File No. 1-7259
                             SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                  TEXAS                                 74-1563240
    (State or other jurisdiction of                 (I.R.S. employer
     incorporation or organization)                identification no.)

             P.O. BOX 36611
              DALLAS, TEXAS                             75235-1611
(Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (214) 792-4000

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

                                                  NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
          TITLE OF EACH CLASS                     ON WHICH REGISTERED
          -------------------                     ---------------------

     Common Stock ($1.00 par value)          New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
     Common Share Purchase Rights            New York Stock Exchange, Inc.

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:

                                      None

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes [X]      No [ ]

       Aggregate market value of Common Stock held by nonaffiliates as of
                               January 12, 2001:

                                 $15,330,276,800

  Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the close of business on
                               January 12, 2001:

                               505,028,269 shares

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of
         Shareholders, May 16, 2001:                          PART III

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]


================================================================================

<PAGE>   2


                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

      Southwest Airlines Co. ("Southwest") is a major domestic airline that
provides primarily shorthaul, high-frequency, point-to-point, low-fare service.
Southwest was incorporated in Texas and commenced Customer Service on June 18,
1971 with three Boeing 737 aircraft serving three Texas cities - Dallas,
Houston, and San Antonio.

      At yearend 2000, Southwest operated 344 Boeing 737 aircraft and provided
service to 58 airports in 57 cities in 29 states throughout the United States.
Southwest commenced service to Albany, New York and Buffalo, New York in May and
October 2000, respectively, and to West Palm Beach, Florida in January 2001.
Southwest will discontinue service to San Francisco International Airport in
March 2001, relocating the 14 flights per day from that airport to Oakland and
San Jose, California.

      Based on data for second quarter 2000 (the latest available data),
Southwest Airlines is the 4th largest carrier in the United States based on
domestic passengers boarded and the largest based on scheduled domestic
departures.

      The business of the Company is somewhat seasonal. Quarterly operating
income and, to a lesser extent, revenues tend to be lower in the first quarter
(January 1 - March 31).

FUEL

      The cost of fuel is an item having significant impact on the Company's
operating results. The Company's average cost of jet fuel over the past five
years was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     COST              AVERAGE PRICE            PERCENT OF
   YEAR           (Millions)            PER GALLON          OPERATING EXPENSES
   ----           ----------           -------------        ------------------
<S>               <C>                  <C>                  <C>
   1996             $484.7                 $.65                   15.9%
   1997             $495.0                 $.62                   15.0%
   1998             $388.3                 $.46                   11.2%
   1999             $492.4                 $.53                   12.5%
   2000             $804.4                 $.79                   17.4%
</TABLE>

      See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" for a discussion of Southwest's fuel hedging activities.

REGULATION

      Economic. The Dallas Love Field section of the International Air
Transportation Competition Act of 1979, as amended in 1997 (commonly known as
the "Wright Amendment"), as it affects Southwest's scheduled service, provides
that no common carrier may provide scheduled passenger air transportation for
compensation between Love Field and one or more points outside Texas, except
that an air carrier may transport individuals by air on a flight between Love
Field and one or more points within the states of Alabama, Arkansas, Kansas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas if (a) "such air


<PAGE>   3


carrier does not offer or provide any through service or ticketing with another
air carrier" and (b) "such air carrier does not offer for sale transportation to
or from, and the flight or aircraft does not serve, any point which is outside
any such states." The Wright Amendment does not restrict flights operated with
aircraft having 56 or fewer passenger seats. Southwest does not interline or
offer joint fares with any other air carrier. The Wright Amendment does not
restrict Southwest's intrastate Texas flights or its air service from points
other than Love Field.

      The Department of Transportation ("DOT") has significant regulatory
jurisdiction over passenger airlines. Unless exempted, no air carrier may
furnish air transportation over any route without a DOT certificate of
authorization, which does not confer either exclusive or proprietary rights. The
Company's certificates are unlimited in duration and permit the Company to
operate among any points within the United States, its territories and
possessions, except as limited by the Wright Amendment, as do the certificates
of all other U.S. carriers. DOT may revoke such certificates, in whole or in
part, for intentional failure to comply with any provisions of subchapter IV of
the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, or any order, rule or regulation issued
thereunder or any term, condition or limitation of such certificate; provided
that, with respect to revocation, the certificate holder has first been advised
of the alleged violation and has been given a reasonable time to effect
compliance.

      DOT prescribes uniform disclosure standards regarding terms and conditions
of carriage, and prescribes that terms incorporated into the Contract of
Carriage by reference are not binding upon passengers unless notice is given in
accordance with its regulations.

      Safety. The Company is subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA") with respect to its aircraft maintenance and operations,
including equipment, ground facilities, dispatch, communications, flight
training personnel, and other matters affecting air safety. To ensure compliance
with its regulations, the FAA requires airlines to obtain operating,
airworthiness, and other certificates, which are subject to suspension or
revocation for cause. The Company has obtained such certificates. The FAA,
acting through its own powers or through the appropriate U. S. Attorney, also
has the power to bring proceedings for the imposition and collection of fines
for violation of the Federal Air Regulations.

      The Company is subject to various other federal, state, and local laws and
regulations relating to occupational safety and health, including Occupational
Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
regulations.

      Environmental. Certain airports, including San Diego, Burbank, and Orange
County, have established airport restrictions to limit noise, including
restrictions on aircraft types to be used and limits on the number of hourly or
daily operations or the time of such operations. In some instances, these
restrictions have caused curtailments in service or increases in operating
costs, and such restrictions could limit the ability of Southwest to expand its
operations at the affected airports. Local authorities at other airports may
consider adopting similar noise regulations, but such regulations are subject to
the provisions of the Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990 and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

      Operations at John Wayne Airport, Orange County, California, are governed
by the Airport's Phase 2 Commercial Airline Access Plan and Regulation (the
"Plan"). Pursuant to the Plan, each airline is allocated total annual seat
capacity to be operated at the airport, subject to renewal/reallocation on an
annual basis. Service at this airport may be adjusted annually to meet these
requirements.

      The Company is subject to various other federal, state, and local laws and
regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including the
discharge or disposal of materials such as chemicals, hazardous waste, and
aircraft deicing fluid. Potential future regulatory developments pertaining to
such things as control of engine exhaust emissions from ground support equipment
and prevention of leaks from


                                        2
<PAGE>   4


underground aircraft fueling systems could increase operating costs in the
airline industry. The Company does not believe, however, that such environmental
regulatory developments will have a material impact on the Company's capital
expenditures or otherwise adversely effect its operations, operating costs, or
competitive position. Additionally, in conjunction with airport authorities,
other airlines, and state and local environmental regulatory agencies, the
Company is undertaking voluntary investigation or remediation of soil or
groundwater contamination at several airport sites. While the full extent of any
contamination at such sites and the parties responsible for such contamination
have not been determined, the Company does not believe that any environmental
liability associated with such sites will have a material adverse effect on the
Company's operations, costs, or profitability.

      Customer Service Commitment. During 1999, the airline transportation
industry faced possible legislation dealing with certain customer service
practices. As a compromise with Congress, the industry, working with the Air
Transport Association, responded by adopting and filing with the DOT written
plans disclosing how it would commit to improving performance. Southwest
Airlines formalized its dedication to Customer Satisfaction by adopting its
Customer Service Commitment, a comprehensive plan which embodies the Mission
Statement of Southwest Airlines: dedication to the highest quality of Customer
Service delivered with a sense of warmth, friendliness, individual pride, and
Company Spirit. The Customer Service Commitment can be reviewed by clicking on
"About SWA" at www.southwest.com. Congress is expected to monitor the effects of
the industry's plans, and there can be no assurance that legislation will not be
proposed in the future to regulate airline practices.

MARKETING AND COMPETITION

       Southwest focuses principally on point-to-point, rather than
hub-and-spoke, service in shorthaul markets with frequent, conveniently timed
flights, and low fares. For example, Southwest's average aircraft trip length in
2000 was 492 miles with an average duration of approximately 1.5 hours. At
yearend, Southwest served approximately 306 one-way nonstop city pairs.

      Southwest's point-to-point route system, as compared to hub-and-spoke,
provides for more direct nonstop routings for shorthaul customers and,
therefore, minimizes connections, delays, and total trip time. Southwest focuses
on nonstop, not connecting, traffic. As a result, approximately 77 percent of
the Company's Customers fly nonstop. In addition, Southwest serves many
conveniently-located satellite or downtown airports such as Dallas Love Field,
Houston Hobby, Chicago Midway, Baltimore-Washington International, Burbank,
Manchester, Oakland, San Jose, Providence, Ft. Lauderdale/Hollywood and Long
Island airports, which are typically less congested than other airlines' hub
airports and enhance the Company's ability to sustain high Employee productivity
and reliable ontime performance. This operating strategy also permits the
Company to achieve high asset utilization. Aircraft are scheduled to minimize
the amount of time the aircraft is at the gate, currently approximately 25
minutes, thereby reducing the number of aircraft and gate facilities that would
otherwise be required. Southwest does not interline with other airlines, nor
have any commuter feeder relationships.

      Southwest employs a very simple fare structure, featuring low,
unrestricted, unlimited, everyday coach fares. The Company operates only one
aircraft type, the Boeing 737, which simplifies scheduling, maintenance, flight
operations, and training activities.

      In January 1995, Southwest was the first major airline to introduce a
Ticketless travel option, eliminating the need to print a paper ticket
altogether. Southwest also entered into an arrangement with SABRE, the computer
reservation system in which Southwest has historically participated to a limited
extent, providing for ticketing and automated booking on Southwest in a very
cost-effective manner. In 1996, Southwest began offering Ticketless travel
through the Company's home page on the Internet's World Wide Web at
http://www.southwest.com. At the end of 2000, approximately 80% of Southwest's


                                        3
<PAGE>   5


Customers chose the Ticketless travel option. In December 2000 approximately 39%
of Southwest's passenger revenues came through its Internet site, which has
become a vital part of the Company's distribution strategy.

      The airline industry is highly competitive as to fares, frequent flyer
benefits, routes, and service, and some carriers competing with the Company have
greater financial resources, larger fleets, and wider name recognition. Several
of the Company's larger competitors offer low-cost, shorthaul service in markets
served by the Company, which represents a more direct threat in Southwest's
market niche. Certain major United States airlines have established marketing
alliances with each other, including Northwest Airlines/Continental Airlines,
American Airlines/Alaska Airlines, and Continental Airlines/America West
Airlines. During 2000, two of our competitors, UAL Corporation and USAirways,
Inc., entered into a merger agreement and in January 2001, AMR Corp. announced a
plan to purchase the assets of Trans World Airlines, along with certain assets
of USAirways, Inc. If those acquisitions are concluded, competition in the
airline industry could be significantly altered. Profit levels in the air
transport industry are highly sensitive to changes in operating and capital
costs and the extent to which competitors match an airline's fares and services.
The profitability of a carrier in the airline industry is also impacted by
general economic trends.

      The Company is also subject to varying degrees of competition from surface
transportation in its shorthaul markets, particularly the private automobile. In
shorthaul air services that compete with surface transportation, price is a
competitive factor, but frequency and convenience of scheduling, facilities,
transportation safety, and Customer Service may be of equal or greater
importance to many passengers.

INSURANCE

      The Company carries insurance of types customary in the airline industry
and at amounts deemed adequate to protect the Company and its property and to
comply both with federal regulations and certain of the Company's credit and
lease agreements. The policies principally provide coverage for public and
passenger liability, property damage, cargo and baggage liability, loss or
damage to aircraft, engines, and spare parts, and workers' compensation.

FREQUENT FLYER AWARDS

      Southwest's frequent flyer program, Rapid Rewards, is based on trips flown
rather than mileage. Rapid Rewards Customers earn a flight segment credit for
each one-way trip flown or two credits for each round trip flown. Rapid Rewards
Customers can also receive flight segment credits by using the services of
non-airline partners, which include credit card partners, a telephone company,
car rental agencies, hotels, and the Southwest Airlines First USA (R) Visa card.
Rapid Rewards offers two types of travel awards. The Rapid Rewards Award Ticket
("Award Ticket") offers one free roundtrip travel award to any Southwest
destination after the accumulation of 16 flight segment credits within a
consecutive twelve-month period. The Rapid Rewards Companion Pass ("Companion
Pass") is granted after flying 50 roundtrips (or 100 one- way trips) on
Southwest within a consecutive twelve-month period. The Companion Pass offers
unlimited free roundtrip travel to any Southwest destination for a companion of
the qualifying Rapid Rewards member. In order for the companion to use this
pass, the Rapid Rewards member must purchase a ticket or use an Award Ticket.
Additionally, the Rapid Rewards member and companion must travel together on the
same flight.

      Trips flown are valid for flight segment credits toward Award Tickets and
Companion Passes for twelve months only; Award Tickets and Companion Passes are
automatically generated when earned by the Customer rather than allowing the
Customer to bank credits indefinitely and Award Tickets and Companion Passes are
valid for one year with an automatic expiration date. "Black out" dates apply
during peak holiday periods.


                                        4
<PAGE>   6


      The Company also sells flight segment credits to business partners
including credit card companies, phone companies, hotels, and car rental
agencies. These credits may be redeemed for Award Tickets having the same
program characteristics as those earned by flying.

      Customers redeemed approximately 1,571,000, 1,248,000 and 927,000 Award
Tickets and flights on Companion Passes during 2000, 1999 and 1998 respectively.
The amount of free travel award usage as a percentage of total Southwest revenue
passengers carried was 4.9 percent in 2000, 4.3 percent in 1999 and 3.5 percent
in 1998. The number of Award Tickets outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1999
was approximately 985,000 and 846,000, respectively. These numbers do not
include partially earned Award Tickets. The Company currently does not have a
system to accurately estimate partially earned Award Tickets. However, these
partially earned Award Tickets may equal 75 percent or more of the current
outstanding Award Tickets. Since the inception of Rapid Rewards in 1987,
approximately 14 percent of all Award Tickets have expired without being used.
The number of Companion Passes for Southwest outstanding at December 31, 2000
and 1999 was approximately 41,000 and 32,000, respectively. The Company
currently estimates that 3 to 4 trips will be redeemed per outstanding Companion
Pass. The Company's frequent flyer program has not had a material impact on its
results of operations or financial condition.

      The Company accounts for its frequent flyer program obligations by
recording a liability for the estimated incremental cost of flight awards the
Company expects to be redeemed (except for flight segment credits sold to
business partners). This method recognizes an average incremental cost to
provide roundtrip transportation to one additional passenger. The estimated
incremental cost includes direct passenger costs such as fuel, food and other
operational costs, but does not include any contribution to overhead or profit.
The incremental cost is accrued at the time an award is earned and revenue is
subsequently recognized, at the amount accrued, when the free travel award is
used. For flight segment credits sold to business partners prior to January 1,
2000 revenue was recognized when the credits were sold. Beginning January 1,
2000, revenue from the sale of flight segment credits and associated with future
travel is deferred and recognized when the ultimate free travel award is flown
or the credits expire unused. Accordingly, Southwest does not accrue incremental
cost for the expected redemption of free travel awards for credits sold to
business partners. The liability for free travel awards earned but not used at
December 31, 2000 and 1999 was not material.

EMPLOYEES

      At December 31, 2000, Southwest had 29,274 active employees, consisting of
9,610 flight, 1,414 maintenance, 14,560 ground customer and fleet service and
3,690 management, accounting, marketing, and clerical personnel.

      Southwest has ten collective bargaining agreements covering approximately
83 percent of its employees. The following table sets forth the Company's
employee groups and collective bargaining status:


                                        5
<PAGE>   7


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   EMPLOYEE GROUP                    REPRESENTED BY               AGREEMENT AMENDABLE ON
   --------------                    --------------               ----------------------
<S>                             <C>                               <C>
Customer Service and            International Association of            November 2002
Reservations                    Machinists and Aerospace
                                Workers, AFL-CIO

Flight Attendants               Transportation Workers of               May 2002
                                America, AFL-CIO ("TWU")

Ramp, Operations and            TWU                                     December 1999
Provisioning                                                          (in negotiations)

Pilots                          Southwest Airlines Pilots'              September 2004
                                Association

Flight Dispatchers              Southwest Airlines Employee             November 2009
                                Association

Aircraft Appearance             International Brotherhood of            February 2009
Technicians                     Teamsters ("Teamsters")

Stock Clerks                    Teamsters                               August 2008

Mechanics                       Teamsters                               August 2001

Flight Simulator Technicians    Teamsters                               November 2008

Flight/Ground School            Southwest Airlines Professional         December 2010
Instructors and Flight Crew     Instructors Association
Training Instructors
</TABLE>

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

AIRCRAFT

      Southwest operated a total of 344 Boeing 737 aircraft as of December 31,
2000, of which 94 and seven were under operating and capital leases,
respectively. The remaining 243 aircraft were owned.

      Southwest was the launch customer for the Boeing 737-700 aircraft, one of
the newest generation of the Boeing 737 aircraft type. The first 737-700
aircraft was delivered in December 1997 and entered revenue service in January
1998. At December 31, 2000, Southwest had 92 Boeing 737-700 aircraft in service.

      In total, at December 31, 2000, the Company had firm orders and options to
purchase Boeing 737 Aircraft as follows:

           FIRM ORDERS AND OPTIONS TO PURCHASE BOEING 737-700 AIRCRAFT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        DELIVERY YEAR        FIRM ORDERS        OPTIONS        ROLLING OPTIONS
        -------------        -----------        -------        ---------------

<S>     <C>                  <C>                <C>            <C>
            2001                 25

            2002                 27

            2003                 13               13

            2004                 29               13

            2005                  5               18

            2006                 22               18

            2007                 25                                   20

          2008-2012                               25                 197

        TOTALS                  146               87                 217
</TABLE>


                                        6
<PAGE>   8


      The Company currently intends to retire its fleet of 33 Boeing 737-200
aircraft over the next five years.

      The average age of the Company's fleet at December 31, 2000 was 8.2 years.

GROUND FACILITIES AND SERVICES

      Southwest leases terminal passenger service facilities at each of the
airports it serves to which it has added various leasehold improvements. The
Company leases land on a long-term basis for its maintenance centers located at
Dallas Love Field, Houston Hobby, and Phoenix Sky Harbor, its training center
near Love Field, which houses five 737 simulators, and its corporate
headquarters, also located near Love Field. The maintenance, training center,
and corporate headquarters buildings on these sites were built and are owned by
Southwest. At December 31, 2000, the Company operated nine reservation centers.
The reservation centers located in Little Rock, Arkansas; Chicago, Illinois;
Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma occupy leased space. The
Company owns its Dallas, Texas; Houston, Texas; Phoenix, Arizona; Salt Lake
City, Utah; and San Antonio, Texas reservation centers.

      The Company performs substantially all line maintenance on its aircraft
and provides ground support services at most of the airports it serves. However,
the Company has arrangements with certain aircraft maintenance firms for major
component inspections and repairs for its airframes and engines, which comprise
the majority of the annual maintenance costs.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      The Company received a statutory notice of deficiency from the Internal
Revenue Service (the "IRS") in which the IRS proposed to defer deductions
claimed by the Company on its federal income tax returns for the taxable years
1989 through 1991 for the costs of certain aircraft inspection and maintenance
procedures. In defense of the notice of deficiency, the Company filed a petition
in the United States Tax Court on October 30, 1997, seeking a determination that
the IRS erred in disallowing the deductions claimed by the Company and that
there is no deficiency in the Company's tax liability for the taxable years in
issue. The notice of deficiency received by the Company stemmed from an
industry-wide challenge by the IRS of the long standing practice of currently
expensing aircraft inspection and maintenance costs, and similar adjustments
have been proposed by the IRS to the tax returns of numerous other members of
the airline industry. In response to this challenge, the Air Transport
Association of America, the airline industry's trade association, since late
1996 has been in discussions with the Treasury Department and the national
office of the IRS regarding the issuance of unpublished guidance confirming the
industry's practice of expensing the subject inspection and maintenance costs.
On December 21, 2000, the national office of the IRS published a revenue ruling
in which it concluded that aircraft inspection and maintenance substantially the
same as that in issue in the Company's Tax Court suit is currently deductible as
an ordinary and necessary business expense. Counsel for the company and the IRS
soon will engage in discussions in an attempt to resolve the controversy in
conformity with the IRS' revenue ruling and without the necessity of further
litigation. Management believes that the final resolution of this controversy
will not have a materially adverse effect upon the financial condition or
results of operations of the Company. This forward-looking statement is based on
management's current understanding of the relevant law and facts; it is subject
to various contingencies including the views of legal counsel, changes in the
IRS' position, the potential cost and risk associated with litigation, and the
actions of the IRS, judges and juries.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      None to be reported.


                                        7
<PAGE>   9


                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

      The executive officers of Southwest, their positions, and their respective
ages (as of January 1, 2001) are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        NAME                           POSITION                            AGE
        ----                           --------                            ---

<S>                        <C>                                             <C>
Herbert D. Kelleher        Chairman of the Board, President,                69
                            and Chief Executive Officer

Colleen C. Barrett         Executive Vice President-Customers               56
                            and Corporate Secretary

John G. Denison            Executive Vice President-                        56
                            Corporate Services

James C. Wimberly          Executive Vice President,                        48
                            Chief Operations Officer

Gary C. Kelly              Vice President-Finance,                          45
                            Chief Financial Officer

Ross Holman                Vice President - Systems                         49

James F. Parker            Vice President-General Counsel                   54

Ron Ricks                  Vice President-Governmental Affairs              51

Dave Ridley                Vice President-Ground Operations                 48

Joyce C. Rogge             Vice President - Marketing                       43

Elizabeth P. Sartain       Vice President - People                          46
</TABLE>

      Executive officers are elected annually at the first meeting of
Southwest's Board of Directors following the annual meeting of shareholders or
appointed by the President pursuant to Board authorization. Each of the above
individuals has worked for Southwest Airlines Co. for more than the past five
years, except Ross Holman, who joined the Company in March 1998. Prior to that
time, Mr. Holman was Chief Information Officer of PageNet since 1996.

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

      Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 requires the
Company's officers and directors to file reports of ownership and changes in
ownership in Company Common Stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the New York Stock Exchange. During 2000, one report involving the sale of
2,500 shares of Southwest Common Stock was filed four days late by Joyce Rogge.


                                        8
<PAGE>   10


                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS

      Southwest's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is
traded under the symbol LUV. The high and low sales prices of the common stock
on the Composite Tape and the quarterly dividends per share paid on the common
stock, as adjusted for the July 1999 three-for-two stock split, were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       PERIOD                   DIVIDEND              HIGH             LOW
       ------                   --------             ------           ------
<S>                             <C>                  <C>              <C>

       1999
          1st Quarter           $.00500              $22.92           $14.92
          2nd Quarter           0.00550               23.58            19.54
          3rd Quarter           0.00550               22.29            14.38
          4th Quarter           0.00550               18.81            15.00

       2000
          1st Quarter           $.00550              $20.88           $15.00
          2nd Quarter           0.00550               22.75            18.56
          3rd Quarter           0.00550               25.00            19.13
          4th Quarter           0.00550               34.99            23.63
</TABLE>

         As of December 29, 2000, there were 10,223 holders of record of the
Company's common stock.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

         During 2000, Herbert D. Kelleher, President and Chief Executive
Officer, exercised unregistered options to purchase Southwest Common Stock as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NUMBER OF SHARES PURCHASED           EXERCISE PRICE            DATE OF EXERCISE
- --------------------------           --------------            ----------------
<S>                                  <C>                       <C>
          854,295                         $1.00                January 27, 2000
</TABLE>

         The issuances of the above options and shares to Mr. Kelleher were
deemed exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Act"), by reason of the provision of Section 4(2) of the Act
because, among other things, of the limited number of participants in such
transactions and the agreement and representation of Mr. Kelleher that he was
acquiring such securities for investment and not with a view to distribution
thereof. The certificates representing the shares issued to Mr. Kelleher contain
a legend to the effect that such shares are not registered under the Act and may
not


                                        9
<PAGE>   11


be transferred except pursuant to a registration statement which has become
effective under the Act or to an exemption from such registration. The issuance
of such shares was not underwritten.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following financial information for the five years ended December
31, 2000 has been derived from the Company's consolidated financial statements.
This information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial
Statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere herein. The Company has
declared a 3-for-2 stock split payable February 15, 2001. Share and per share
information in this Report has not been adjusted for the effect of this 2001
stock split.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          2000                 1999                 1998
                                                   ------------------   ------------------   ------------------
<S>                                                <C>                  <C>                  <C>
FINANCIAL DATA:
   (in thousands except per share amounts)
   Operating revenues ..........................   $  5,649,560         $  4,735,587         $  4,163,980
   Operating expenses ..........................      4,628,415            3,954,011            3,480,369
                                                   ------------         ------------         ------------
   Operating income ............................      1,021,145              781,576              683,611
   Other expenses(income), net .................          3,781                7,965              (21,501)
                                                   ------------         ------------         ------------
   Income before income taxes ..................      1,017,364              773,611              705,112
   Provision for income taxes ..................        392,140              299,233              271,681
                                                   ------------         ------------         ------------
   Net income ..................................   $    625,224 (3)     $    474,378         $    433,431
                                                   ============         ============         ============
   Net income per share, basic .................   $       1.25 (3)     $        .94         $        .87
   Net income per share, diluted ...............   $       1.18 (3)     $        .89         $        .82
   Cash dividends per common share .............   $       .022         $      .0215         $      .0189
   Total assets at period-end ..................   $  6,669,572         $  5,653,703         $  4,715,996
   Long-term obligations at period-end .........   $    760,992         $    871,717         $    623,309
   Stockholders' equity at period-end ..........   $  3,451,320         $  2,835,788         $  2,397,918

OPERATING DATA:
   Revenue passengers carried ..................     63,678,261           57,500,213           52,586,400
   Revenue passenger miles (RPMs) (000s) .......     42,215,162           36,479,322           31,419,110
   Available seat miles (ASMs) (000s) ..........     59,909,965           52,855,467           47,543,515
   Load factor (1) .............................           70.5%                69.0%                66.1%
   Average length of passenger haul (miles) ....            663                  634                  597
   Trips flown .................................        903,754              846,823              806,822
   Average passenger fare ......................   $      85.87         $      79.35         $      76.26
   Passenger revenue yield per RPM .............          12.95(cent)          12.51(cent)          12.76(cent)
   Operating revenue yield per ASM .............           9.43(cent)           8.96(cent)           8.76(cent)
   Operating expenses per ASM ..................           7.73(cent)           7.48(cent)           7.32(cent)
   Fuel cost per gallon (average) ..............          78.69(cent)          52.71(cent)          45.67(cent)
   Number of Employees at year-end .............         29,274               27,653               25,844
   Size of fleet at year-end (2) ...............            344                  312                  280

<CAPTION>
                                                           YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   ---------------------------------------
                                                          1997                 1996
                                                   ------------------   ------------------
<S>                                                <C>                  <C>
FINANCIAL DATA:
   (in thousands except per share amounts)
   Operating revenues ..........................   $  3,816,821         $  3,406,170
   Operating expenses ..........................      3,292,585            3,055,335
                                                   ------------         ------------
   Operating income ............................        524,236              350,835
   Other expenses(income), net .................          7,280                9,473
                                                   ------------         ------------
   Income before income taxes ..................        516,956              341,362
   Provision for income taxes ..................        199,184              134,025
                                                   ------------         ------------
   Net income ..................................   $    317,772         $    207,337
                                                   ============         ============
   Net income per share, basic .................   $        .64         $        .42
   Net income per share, diluted ...............   $        .62         $        .41
   Cash dividends per common share .............   $      .0147         $      .0130
   Total assets at period-end ..................   $  4,246,160         $  3,723,479
   Long-term obligations at period-end .........   $    628,106         $    650,226
   Stockholders' equity at period-end ..........   $  2,009,018         $  1,648,312

OPERATING DATA:
   Revenue passengers carried ..................     50,399,960           49,621,504
   Revenue passenger miles (RPMs) (000s) .......     28,355,169           27,083,483
   Available seat miles (ASMs) (000s) ..........     44,487,496           40,727,495
   Load factor (1) .............................           63.7%                66.5%
   Average length of passenger haul (miles) ....            563                  546
   Trips flown .................................        786,288              748,634
   Average passenger fare ......................   $      72.81         $      66.20
   Passenger revenue yield per RPM .............          12.94(cent)          12.13(cent)
   Operating revenue yield per ASM .............           8.58(cent)           8.36(cent)
   Operating expenses per ASM ..................           7.40(cent)           7.50(cent)
   Fuel cost per gallon (average) ..............          62.46(cent)          65.47(cent)
   Number of Employees at year-end .............         23,974               22,944
   Size of fleet at year-end (2) ...............            261                  243
</TABLE>

- ----------

(1)      Revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles.

(2)      Includes leased aircraft.

(3)      Excludes cumulative effect of accounting change of $22.1 million ($.04
         per share).


                                       10
<PAGE>   12



ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATION

YEAR IN REVIEW

Southwest posted a profit for the 28th consecutive year and a record annual
profit for the ninth consecutive year. This excellent financial performance was
achieved despite the highest jet fuel prices since 1990. Operating revenues and
operating income were the highest in the Company's history. Southwest's margin
performance was the best in 20 years with an operating margin of 18.1 percent
and net profit margin (before the cumulative effect of a change in accounting
principle) of 11.1 percent. The Company's revenue growth and continued strong
demand for our product were evident through our achievement of a record 2000
load factor (revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles) of 70.5
percent and record load factors in three of the four calendar quarters of 2000.

At the end of 2000, Southwest served 57 cities in 29 states. We continued our
East Coast expansion in 2000, adding service to Albany, New York, in May 2000,
and Buffalo, New York, in October 2000 and have been very pleased with the
results in each of these new Southwest cities. The Company recently announced
plans to commence service to West Palm Beach, Florida in January 2001 and will
begin service to at least one other new city in 2001. In addition, we plan to
continue to add flights and additional frequencies between cities we already
serve.

Capacity is expected to grow approximately 11 percent in 2001 with the net
addition of 21 aircraft. The Company will acquire 25 new Boeing 737-700s
scheduled for delivery during the year and plans to retire four of the Company's
older 737-200s.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2000 COMPARED WITH 1999 The Company's consolidated income for 2000 before the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle was $625.2 million ($1.18
per share, diluted), an increase of 31.8 percent. The cumulative change in
accounting principle, related to the adoption of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 101, was $22.1 million, net of taxes of $14.0 million (see Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements). Net income, after the cumulative change in
accounting principle, was $603.1 million. Diluted net income per share, after
consideration of the accounting change, was $1.14 compared to $.89 in 1999.
Operating income was $1,021.1 million, an increase of 30.7 percent compared to
1999.

OPERATING REVENUES Consolidated operating revenues increased 19.3 percent
primarily due to a 19.8 percent increase in passenger revenues. The increase in
passenger revenues primarily resulted from the Company's increased capacity,
strong demand for commercial air travel, and excellent marketing and revenue
management. The Company experienced a 10.7 percent increase in revenue
passengers carried, a 15.7 percent increase in revenue passenger miles (RPMs),
and a 3.6 percent increase in passenger revenue yield per RPM (passenger yield).
The increase in passenger yield was primarily due to an 8.2 percent increase in
average passenger fare, partially offset by a 4.6


                                       11
<PAGE>   13


percent increase in average length of passenger haul. The increase in average
passenger fare was primarily due to modest fare increases taken combined with a
higher mix of full-fare passengers.

The increase in RPMs exceeded a 13.3 percent increase in available seat miles
(ASMs) resulting in a load factor of 70.5 percent, or 1.5 points above the prior
year. The increase in ASMs resulted primarily from the net addition of 32
aircraft during the year. Thus far, load factors in January 2001 have exceeded
those experienced in January 2000. Bookings for February and March are also good
and we presently anticipate positive year-over-year unit revenue (operating
revenues divided by ASMs) comparisons again in first quarter 2001, although we
do not expect to match the fourth quarter 2000 year-over-year unit revenue
growth rate of 7.8 percent. (The immediately preceding two sentences are
forward-looking statements, which involve uncertainties that could result in
actual results differing materially from expected results. Some significant
factors include, but may not be limited to, competitive pressure such as fare
sales and capacity changes by other carriers, general economic conditions,
operational disruptions as a result of bad weather, industry consolidation, air
traffic control related difficulties, the impact of labor issues, and variations
in advance booking trends.)

Freight revenues increased 7.5 percent primarily due to an increase in capacity.
Other revenues, which consist primarily of charter revenues, increased 1.2
percent. This increase was less than the Company's increase in capacity
primarily due to the Company's decision to utilize more of its aircraft to
satisfy the strong demand for scheduled service and, therefore, make fewer
aircraft available for charters.

OPERATING EXPENSES Consolidated operating expenses for 2000 increased 17.1
percent, compared to the 13.3 percent increase in capacity. Operating expenses
per ASM increased 3.3 percent to $.0773, compared to $.0748 in 1999, primarily
due to an increase in average jet fuel prices. The average fuel cost per gallon
in 2000 was $.7869, which was the highest annual average fuel cost per gallon
experienced by the Company since 1984. Excluding fuel expense, operating
expenses per ASM decreased 2.6 percent.

Operating expenses per ASM for 2000 and 1999 were as follows:


                                       12
<PAGE>   14


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Increase    Percent
                                       2000         1999      (Decrease)   Change
                                    ----------   ----------   ----------   -------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Salaries, wages, and benefits       2.41(cent)   2.39(cent)    .02(cent)      .8 %
Employee retirement plans            .40          .36          .04          11.1
Fuel and oil                        1.34          .93          .41          44.1
Maintenance materials and repairs    .63          .70         (.07)        (10.0)
Agency commissions                   .27          .30         (.03)        (10.0)
Aircraft rentals                     .33          .38         (.05)        (13.2)
Landing fees and other rentals       .44          .46         (.02)         (4.3)
Depreciation                         .47          .47           --            --
Other                               1.44         1.49         (.05)         (3.4)
                                    ----         ----          ---          ----
Total                               7.73(cent)   7.48(cent)    .25(cent)     3.3 %
                                    ====         ====          ===          ====
</TABLE>

Salaries, wages, and benefits per ASM increased slightly, as increases in
productivity in several of the Company's operational areas were more than offset
by higher benefits costs, primarily workers' compensation expense, and increases
in average wage rates within certain workgroups.

The Company's Ramp, Operations, and Provisioning Agents are subject to an
agreement with the Transport Workers Union of America, (TWU), which became
amendable in December 1999. Southwest is currently in negotiations with TWU for
a new contract. The Company's Mechanics are subject to an agreement with the
International Brotherhood of Teamsters (the Teamsters), which becomes amendable
in August 2001.

Retirement plans expense per ASM increased 11.1 percent, primarily due to the
increase in Company earnings available for profitsharing.

Fuel and oil expense per ASM increased 44.1 percent, primarily due to a 49.3
percent increase in the average jet fuel cost per gallon. The average price per
gallon of jet fuel in 2000 was $.7869 compared to $.5271 in 1999, including the
effects of hedging activities. The Company's 2000 and 1999 average jet fuel
prices are net of approximately $113.5 million and $14.8 million in gains from
hedging activities, respectively. As detailed in Note 7 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, the Company has hedges in place for the majority of its
anticipated fuel consumption in 2001 at prices below market prices as of
December 31, 2000. Including estimated hedging gains and considering current
market prices and the anticipated impact of the adoption of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (SFAS 133) (see Recent Accounting
Developments in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), we are
forecasting our first quarter 2001 average fuel price per gallon to be no higher
than first quarter 2000's average price per gallon of $.82. (The immediately
preceding sentence is a forward-looking statement which involves uncertainties
that could result in actual results differing materially from expected results.
Such uncertainties include, but may not be limited to, the largely unpredictable
levels of jet fuel prices and the effectiveness of the Company's hedges.)


                                       13
<PAGE>   15


Maintenance materials and repairs per ASM decreased 10.0 percent primarily
because of a decrease in engine maintenance expense for the Company's 737-200
aircraft fleet as 1999 was an unusually high period for engine maintenance on
these aircraft. The -200 engine repairs are expensed on a time and materials
basis. These engine repairs represented approximately 75 percent of the total
decrease, while a decrease in airframe inspections and repairs per ASM
represented the majority of the remaining total decrease. The decrease in
airframe inspections and repairs was primarily due to a greater amount of this
work being performed internally versus 1999, when a large portion of this type
of work was outsourced. Therefore, in 2000, a larger portion of the cost of
these repairs is reflected in salaries and wages. Currently, we do not expect a
significant increase in unit cost for maintenance materials and repairs in first
quarter 2001 versus first quarter 2000. (The immediately preceding sentence is a
forward-looking statement involving uncertainties that could result in actual
results differing materially from expected results. Such uncertainties include,
but may not be limited to, any unscheduled required aircraft airframe or engine
repairs and regulatory requirements.)

Agency commissions per ASM decreased 10.0 percent, primarily due to a decrease
in commissionable revenue. Approximately 31 percent of the Company's 2000
revenues were attributable to direct bookings through the Company's Internet
site compared to approximately 19 percent in the prior year. The increase in
Internet revenues contributed to the Company's percentage of commissionable
revenues decreasing from 34.6 percent in 1999 to 29.1 percent in 2000. The
Company recently announced a change in its commission rate policy. Beginning
January 1, 2001, the Company will decrease the commission it pays to travel
agents from ten percent to eight percent for ticketless bookings, and from ten
percent to five percent for paper ticket bookings. The Company will continue to
pay no commission on internet agency bookings. Based on the policy change, the
Company expects agency commissions to decrease on a per-ASM basis in 2001. (The
immediately preceding sentence is a forward-looking statement involving
uncertainties that could result in actual results differing materially from
expected results. Such uncertainties include, but may not be limited to, changes
in consumer ticket purchasing habits.)

Aircraft rentals decreased 13.2 percent primarily due to a lower percentage of
the aircraft fleet being leased. Approximately 27.3 percent of the Company's
aircraft were under operating lease at December 31, 2000, compared to 30.8
percent at December 31, 1999. Based on the Company's current new aircraft
delivery schedule and scheduled aircraft retirements for 2001, we expect a
decline in aircraft rental expense per ASM in 2001. (The immediately preceding
sentence is a forward-looking statement involving uncertainties that could
result in actual results differing materially from expected results. Such
uncertainties include, but may not be limited to, changes in the Company's
current schedule for purchase and/or retirement of aircraft.)

Landing fees and other rentals per ASM decreased 4.3 percent primarily as a
result of a decrease in landing fees per ASM of 6.7 percent, partially offset by
a slight increase in other rentals. Although landing fees declined on a per-ASM
basis, they were basically flat on a per-trip basis. The growth in ASMs exceeded
the trip growth primarily due to a 5.8 percent increase in stage length (the
average distance per aircraft trip flown).


                                       14
<PAGE>   16


Other operating expenses per ASM decreased 3.4 percent primarily due to
Company-wide cost reduction efforts. The Company also reduced its advertising
expense 9.5% per ASM, taking advantage of our national presence, increasing
brand awareness, and strong Customer demand.

OTHER "Other expenses (income)" included interest expense, capitalized interest,
interest income, and other gains and losses. Interest expense increased 29.1
percent due primarily to the Company's issuance of $256 million of long-term
debt in fourth quarter 1999. Capitalized interest decreased 11.9 percent
primarily as a result of lower 2000 progress payment balances for scheduled
future aircraft deliveries compared to 1999. Interest income increased 59.0
percent primarily due to higher invested cash balances and higher rates of
return. Other losses in 1999 resulted primarily from a write-down associated
with the consolidation of certain software development projects.

INCOME TAXES The provision for income taxes, as a percentage of income before
taxes, decreased slightly to 38.54 percent in 2000 from 38.68 percent in 1999.

1999 COMPARED WITH 1998 The Company's consolidated net income for 1999 was
$474.4 million ($.89 per share, diluted), as compared to the corresponding 1998
amount of $433.4 million ($.82 per share, diluted), an increase of 9.4 percent.
Operating income increased 14.3 percent to $781.6 million.

OPERATING REVENUES Consolidated operating revenues increased 13.7 percent
primarily due to a 13.8 percent increase in passenger revenues. The increase in
passenger revenues was primarily due to a 9.3 percent increase in revenue
passengers carried and a 16.1 percent increase in RPMs. The passenger yield
decreased 2.0 percent to $.1251 primarily due to an increase in average length
of passenger haul of 6.2 percent partially offset by a 4.1 percent increase in
average passenger fare.

The 16.1 percent increase in RPMs exceeded the 11.2 percent increase in ASMs,
resulting in an increase in load factor from 66.1 percent in 1998 to 69.0
percent in 1999. The 1999 ASM growth resulted from the net addition of 32
aircraft during the year.

Freight revenues increased 4.6 percent compared to 1998 primarily due to added
capacity and modest rate increases. Other revenues increased 26.2 percent
primarily due to an increase in charter revenue.

OPERATING EXPENSES Consolidated operating expenses increased 13.6 percent,
compared to the 11.2 percent increase in capacity. Operating expenses per ASM
increased 2.2 percent in 1999 primarily due to a 15.4 percent increase in
average jet fuel prices. Excluding fuel expense, operating expenses per ASM for
1999 increased .8 percent.

Salaries, wages, and benefits per ASM increased 1.7 percent in 1999. This
increase resulted primarily from increases in benefits costs, specifically
workers' compensation and health care expense.


                                       15
<PAGE>   17


Retirement plans expense per ASM increased slightly due to higher earnings
available for profitsharing.

Fuel and oil expenses per ASM increased 13.4 percent primarily due to a 15.4
percent increase in the average jet fuel cost per gallon. The average price paid
for jet fuel in 1999 was $.5271, including the effects of hedging activities,
compared to $.4567 in 1998. The Company's 1999 average jet fuel price is net of
approximately $14.8 million in gains from hedging activities. Hedging activities
in 1998 were not significant.

Maintenance materials and repairs expense per ASM increased 9.4 percent in 1999
compared to 1998. Routine heavy maintenance or airframe inspections and repairs
represented approximately 74 percent of the increase, while engine inspection
and repair costs represented approximately 25 percent of the increase. The
increase in airframe inspections and repairs was due primarily to a heavier
volume of routine airframe checks scheduled for 1999 versus 1998. Further, a
portion of the Company's scheduled airframe checks was outsourced in 1999 as the
volume of work exceeded the available internal headcount and facilities
necessary to perform such maintenance. In 1998, the Company performed all of
this type of routine heavy maintenance internally; thus, the majority of these
costs were reflected in salaries and wages. The increases in engine inspection
and repair costs were primarily related to the Company's 737-200 aircraft. The
Company's 737-200 aircraft engine inspections and repairs are performed on a
time and materials basis and are not covered by the Company's power-by-the-hour
engine maintenance contract with General Electric Engine Services, Inc. The
737-200 aircraft experienced an increase both in the number of engine
inspections and repairs and the average cost per repair.

Agency commissions per ASM decreased 9.1 percent primarily due to a decrease in
the percentage of commissionable revenues to 34.8 percent of total revenues in
1999 compared to 39.8 percent in 1998. The decrease in percentage of
commissionable revenues was primarily due to the growth in tickets purchased via
the Company's website from approximately 8 percent in 1998 to approximately 19
percent in 1999.

Aircraft rentals per ASM decreased 11.6 percent primarily due to a lower
percentage of the aircraft fleet being leased. Approximately 30.8 percent of the
Company's aircraft fleet were under operating lease at December 31, 1999,
compared to 35.4 percent at December 31, 1998.

Depreciation expense per ASM was flat for 1999 compared to 1998. Although the
Company owned a higher percentage of its aircraft fleet in 1999 versus 1998,
unit cost was flat due to a change in the estimated useful lives of the
Company's Boeing 737-300/-500 aircraft from 20 years to 23 years. See Note 2 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. This change in accounting estimate was
made January 1, 1999, and resulted in a decrease to depreciation expense of
approximately $25.7 million for 1999.

Other operating expenses per ASM increased .7 percent primarily due to increased
credit card processing costs resulting from a higher percentage of the Company's
ticket sales purchased with credit cards.


                                       16
<PAGE>   18


OTHER "Other expenses (income)" included interest expense, capitalized interest,
interest income, and other gains and losses. Interest expense decreased 3.8
percent primarily due to the February 1998 redemption of $100 million of senior
unsecured 9 1/4% Notes originally issued in February 1991. Capitalized interest
increased 22.2 percent as a result of higher progress payment balances for
scheduled future aircraft deliveries. Interest income decreased 18.9 percent
primarily due to lower invested cash balances. Other losses in 1999 resulted
primarily from a write-down associated with the consolidation of certain
software development projects. Other gains in 1998 primarily consisted of
contractual penalties received from Boeing due to delays in the delivery of
737-700 aircraft.

INCOME TAXES The provision for income taxes, as a percentage of income before
taxes, increased slightly to 38.68 percent in 1999 from 38.53 percent in 1998.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.3 billion in 2000 compared to
$1.0 billion in 1999. The increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to
the increase in operating income. Cash generated in 2000 was primarily used to
finance aircraft-related capital expenditures, provide working capital, and
repurchase approximately 6.7 million shares of Company stock.

During 2000, net capital expenditures were $1.1 billion, which primarily related
to the purchase of 33 new and one used 737-700 aircraft, and progress payments
for future aircraft deliveries.

At December 31, 2000, capital commitments of the Company primarily consisted of
scheduled aircraft acquisitions and related flight equipment. As of December 31,
2000, Southwest had 146 new 737-700s on firm order through 2007, including 25 to
be delivered in 2001. The Company also has options to purchase another 87
737-700s during 2003-2008 and purchase rights for an additional 217 737-700s
during 2007-2012. Aggregate funding required for firm commitments approximated
$4.0 billion through the year 2007, of which $668.3 million relates to 2001. See
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on
commitments.

On September 23, 1999, the Company announced its Board of Directors had
authorized the repurchase of up to $250 million of the Company's common stock.
Repurchases are made in accordance with applicable securities laws in the open
market or in private transactions from time to time, depending on market
conditions, and may be discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2000, in
aggregate, 12.2 million shares had been repurchased at a total cost of $199.2
million, of which $108.7 million was completed in 2000.

The Company has various options available to meet its capital and operating
commitments, including cash on hand at December 31, 2000, of $523 million,
internally generated funds, and a revolving credit line with a group of banks of
up to $475 million (none of which had been drawn at December 31, 2000). In
addition, the Company will also consider various borrowing or leasing options to
maximize earnings and supplement cash requirements.


                                       17
<PAGE>   19


The Company currently has outstanding shelf registrations for the issuance of
$318.8 million of public debt securities, which it may utilize for aircraft
financings in 2001 and 2002.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Southwest has interest rate risk in that it holds floating rate debt instruments
and has commodity price risk in that it must purchase jet fuel to operate its
aircraft fleet. The Company purchases jet fuel at prevailing market prices, but
seeks to minimize its average jet fuel cost through execution of a documented
hedging strategy. Southwest has market sensitive instruments in the form of the
types of hedges it utilizes to decrease its exposure to jet fuel price increases
and with fixed rate debt instruments. The Company also operates 101 aircraft
under operating and capital leases. However, leases are not considered market
sensitive financial instruments and, therefore, are not included in the interest
rate sensitivity analysis below. Commitments related to leases are disclosed in
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company does not purchase
or hold any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

Airline operators are inherently dependent upon energy to operate and,
therefore, are impacted by changes in jet fuel prices. Jet fuel and oil consumed
in 2000 and 1999 represented approximately 17.4 and 12.5 percent of Southwest's
operating expenses, respectively. Southwest endeavors to acquire jet fuel at the
lowest prevailing prices possible. Because jet fuel is not traded on an
organized futures exchange, liquidity for hedging is limited. However, the
Company has found that crude oil contracts and heating oil contracts are
effective commodities for hedging jet fuel.

The Company utilizes financial derivative instruments for both short-term and
long-term time frames when it appears the Company can take advantage of market
conditions. At December 31, 2000, the Company had a mixture of purchased call
options, collar structures, and fixed price swap agreements in place to hedge
approximately 80 percent of its 2001 total anticipated jet fuel requirements,
approximately 32 percent of its 2002 total anticipated jet fuel requirements,
and a small portion of its 2005 total anticipated jet fuel requirements. As of
December 31, 2000, nearly all of the Company's 2001 hedges, and the majority of
its 2002 hedges, are effectively heating oil-based positions. All remaining
hedge positions are crude oil-based positions. The amounts related to all the
Company's fuel hedge positions contained in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at
December 31, 2000 was $22.5 million, which represents the aggregate net premium
cost paid for option and/or collar agreements. This amount is classified as
prepaid expense in current assets. The Company's fuel hedging strategy could
result in the Company not fully benefiting from certain jet fuel price declines.
See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on the
Company's financial derivative instruments. Also see Recent Accounting
Developments in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the
new accounting requirements for financial derivative instruments effective
January 1, 2001.

The fair values of outstanding financial derivative instruments related to the
Company's jet fuel market price risk at December 31, 2000, including amounts
contained in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2000, was
approximately $98.3 million. A hypothetical ten


                                       18
<PAGE>   20


percent increase or decrease in the underlying fuel-related commodity prices
from the December 31, 2000, prices would correspondingly change the fair value
of the derivative commodity instruments in place and their related cash flows up
to approximately $2.4 million.

Airline operators are also inherently capital intensive, as the vast majority of
the Company's assets are aircraft, which are long-lived. The Company's strategy
is to capitalize conservatively and grow capacity steadily and profitably. While
the Company uses financial leverage, it has maintained a strong balance sheet
and an "A" credit rating on its senior unsecured fixed-rate debt with Standard &
Poor's and a "A-" or equivalent credit ratings with two other rating agencies
(Moody's and Fitch). The Company's Aircraft Secured Notes ($200 million) and
French Credit Agreements ($54 million) do not give rise to significant fair
value risk but do give rise to interest rate risk because these borrowings are
floating-rate debt. Although there is interest rate risk associated with these
secured borrowings, the risk is somewhat mitigated by the fact that the Company
may prepay this debt on any of the semi-annual principal and interest payment
dates. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information
on these borrowings.

As disclosed in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company had
outstanding senior unsecured notes totaling $500 million at December 31, 2000
and 1999. These long-term notes represent only 8.6 percent and 10.0 percent of
total noncurrent assets at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The
unsecured long-term debt currently has an average maturity of 8.1 years at fixed
rates averaging 8.3 percent at December 31, 2000, which is comparable to average
rates prevailing over the last ten years. The Company does not have significant
exposure to changing interest rates on its unsecured long-term debt because the
interest rates are fixed and the financial leverage is modest.

Additionally, the Company does not have significant exposure to changing
interest rates on invested cash, which was $523 million and $419 million at
December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The Company invests available cash in
certificates of deposit and investment grade commercial paper that generally
have maturities of three months or less. As a result, the interest rate market
risk implicit in these investments at December 31, 2000, is low, as the
investments generally mature within three months. The Company has not undertaken
any additional actions to cover interest rate market risk and is not a party to
any other material interest rate market risk management activities.

A hypothetical ten percent change in market interest rates over the next year
would not have a material effect on the fair value of the Company's debt
instruments or its short-term cash investments. See Note 7 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information on the fair value of the Company's
financial instruments. Because of the floating rate nature of the Company's
secured borrowings, a ten percent change in market interest rates as of December
31, 2000, would correspondingly change the Company's earnings and cash flows by
approximately $1.1 million in 2001. However, a ten percent change in market
rates would not impact the Company's earnings or cash flow associated with the
Company's publicly traded fixed-rate debt or its cash investments.


                                       19
<PAGE>   21


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share amounts)                                DECEMBER 31,
                                                                    2000           1999
                                                                ------------   ------------
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                     $   522,995    $   418,819
  Accounts and other receivables (Note 7)                           138,070         75,038
  Inventories of parts and supplies, at cost                         80,564         65,152
  Deferred income taxes (Note 11)                                    28,005         20,929
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                          61,902         52,657
                                                                -----------    -----------
    Total current assets                                            831,536        632,595

Property and equipment, at cost (Notes 3, 5, and 6):
  Flight equipment                                                6,831,913      5,768,506
  Ground property and equipment                                     800,718        742,230
  Deposits on flight equipment purchase contracts                   335,164        338,229
                                                                -----------    -----------
                                                                  7,967,795      6,848,965
  Less allowance for depreciation                                 2,148,070      1,840,799
                                                                -----------    -----------
                                                                  5,819,725      5,008,166
Other assets                                                         18,311         12,942
                                                                -----------    -----------
                                                                $ 6,669,572    $ 5,653,703
                                                                ===========    ===========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                              $   312,716    $   266,735
  Accrued liabilities (Note 4)                                      499,874        430,506
  Air traffic liability                                             377,061        256,942
  Current maturities of long-term debt (Note 5)                     108,752          7,873
                                                                -----------    -----------
    Total current liabilities                                     1,298,403        962,056

Long-term debt less current maturities (Note 5)                     760,992        871,717
Deferred income taxes (Note 11)                                     852,865        692,342
Deferred gains from sale and leaseback of aircraft                  207,522        222,700
Other deferred liabilities                                           98,470         69,100

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 3, 6, and 11)

Stockholders' equity (Notes 8 and 9):
  Common stock, $1.00 par value: 1,300,000 shares authorized;
    507,897 and 505,005 shares issued in 2000
    and 1999, respectively                                          507,897        505,005
  Capital in excess of par value                                    103,780         35,436
  Retained earnings                                               2,902,007      2,385,854
  Treasury stock, at cost: 3,735 and 5,579 shares in
     2000 and 1999, respectively                                    (62,364)       (90,507)
                                                                -----------    -----------
    Total stockholders' equity                                    3,451,320      2,835,788
                                                                -----------    -----------
                                                                $ 6,669,572    $ 5,653,703
                                                                ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

                                       20
<PAGE>   22


SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
(In thousands, except per share amounts)                2000           1999           1998
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------

<S>                                                 <C>            <C>            <C>
OPERATING REVENUES:
  Passenger                                         $ 5,467,965    $ 4,562,616    $ 4,010,029
  Freight                                               110,742        102,990         98,500
  Other                                                  70,853         69,981         55,451
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
    Total operating revenues                          5,649,560      4,735,587      4,163,980

OPERATING EXPENSES:
  Salaries, wages, and benefits (Note 10)             1,683,689      1,455,237      1,285,942
  Fuel and oil                                          804,426        492,415        388,348
  Maintenance materials and repairs                     378,470        367,606        302,431
  Agency commissions                                    159,309        156,419        157,766
  Aircraft rentals                                      196,328        199,740        202,160
  Landing fees and other rentals                        265,106        242,002        214,907
  Depreciation (Note 2)                                 281,276        248,660        225,212
  Other operating expenses                              859,811        791,932        703,603
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
    Total operating expenses                          4,628,415      3,954,011      3,480,369
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
OPERATING INCOME                                      1,021,145        781,576        683,611

OTHER EXPENSES (INCOME):
  Interest expense                                       69,889         54,145         56,276
  Capitalized interest                                  (27,551)       (31,262)       (25,588)
  Interest income                                       (40,072)       (25,200)       (31,083)
  Other (gains) losses, net                               1,515         10,282        (21,106)
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
    Total other expenses (income)                         3,781          7,965        (21,501)
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
INCOME BEFORE TAXES AND CUMULATIVE EFFECT
   OF CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE                  1,017,364        773,611        705,112
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES (NOTE 11)                    392,140        299,233        271,681
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
INCOME BEFORE CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF
   CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE                       625,224        474,378        433,431
CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING
  PRINCIPLE, NET OF INCOME TAXES (NOTE 2)               (22,131)            --             --
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
NET INCOME                                          $   603,093    $   474,378    $   433,431
                                                    ===========    ===========    ===========
NET INCOME PER SHARE, BASIC BEFORE CUMULATIVE
   EFFECT OF CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE         $      1.25    $       .94    $       .87
CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE IN
   ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE                                    (.04)            --             --
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
NET INCOME PER SHARE, BASIC (NOTE 8, 9, AND 12)     $      1.21    $       .94    $       .87
                                                    ===========    ===========    ===========

NET INCOME PER SHARE, DILUTED BEFORE CUMULATIVE
   EFFECT OF CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE         $      1.18    $       .89    $       .82
CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE IN
   ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE                                    (.04)            --             --
                                                    -----------    -----------    -----------
NET INCOME PER SHARE, DILUTED (NOTE 8, 9, AND 12)   $      1.14    $       .89    $       .82
                                                    ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                       21
<PAGE>   23


SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999, AND 1998
                                                  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     COMMON    CAPITAL IN EXCESS    RETAINED      TREASURY
(In thousands, except per share amounts)             STOCK       OF PAR VALUE       EARNINGS        STOCK          TOTAL
                                                  -----------  -----------------  -----------    -----------    -----------

<S>                                               <C>          <C>                <C>            <C>            <C>
Balance at December 31, 1997                      $   221,207    $   155,696      $ 1,632,115    $        --    $ 2,009,018

  Three-for-two stock split (Note 8)                  111,894       (111,894)              --             --             --
  Purchase of shares of treasury stock (Note 8)            --             --               --       (100,000)      (100,000)
  Issuance of common stock pursuant to
    Employee stock plans (Note 9)                       2,803         24,434          (10,184)        27,219         44,272
  Tax benefit of options exercised                         --         21,584               --             --         21,584
  Cash dividends, $.0189 per share                         --             --          (10,387)            --        (10,387)
  Net income - 1998                                        --             --          433,431             --        433,431
                                                  -----------    -----------      -----------    -----------    -----------
Balance at December 31, 1998                          335,904         89,820        2,044,975        (72,781)     2,397,918

  Three-for-two stock split (Note 8)                  167,954        (89,878)         (78,076)            --             --
  Purchase of shares of treasury stock (Note 8)            --             --               --        (90,507)       (90,507)
  Issuance of common and treasury stock
    pursuant to Employee stock
    plans (Note 9)                                      1,147          7,811          (45,134)        72,781         36,605
  Tax benefit of options exercised                         --         27,683               --             --         27,683
  Cash dividends, $.0215 per share                         --             --          (10,289)            --        (10,289)
  Net income - 1999                                        --             --          474,378             --        474,378
                                                  -----------    -----------      -----------    -----------    -----------
Balance at December 31, 1999                          505,005         35,436        2,385,854        (90,507)     2,835,788

  Purchase of shares of treasury stock (Note 8)            --             --               --       (108,674)      (108,674)
  Issuance of common and treasury stock
    pursuant to Employee stock
    plans (Note 9)                                      2,892          6,667          (75,952)       136,817         70,424
  Tax benefit of options exercised                         --         61,677               --             --         61,677
  Cash dividends, $.0220 per share                         --             --          (10,988)            --        (10,988)
  Net income - 2000                                        --             --          603,093             --        603,093
                                                  -----------    -----------      -----------    -----------    -----------
Balance at December 31, 2000                      $   507,897    $   103,780      $ 2,902,007    $   (62,364)   $ 3,451,320
                                                  ===========    ===========      ===========    ===========    ===========

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                       22
<PAGE>   24


SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
(In thousands)                                                               2000           1999           1998
                                                                         -----------    -----------    -----------

<S>                                                                      <C>            <C>            <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income                                                             $   603,093    $   474,378    $   433,431
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
    by operating activities:
      Depreciation                                                           281,276        248,660        225,212
      Deferred income taxes                                                  153,447        142,940        108,335
      Amortization of deferred gains on sale and leaseback of aircraft       (15,178)       (15,172)       (15,251)
      Amortization of scheduled airframe inspections & repairs                36,328         28,949         22,763
      Income tax benefit from Employee stock option exercises                 61,677         27,683         21,584
      Changes in certain assets and liabilities:
        Accounts and other receivables                                       (63,032)        13,831        (12,269)
        Other current assets                                                 (24,657)       (31,698)         1,589
        Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                             129,438         66,081         50,903
        Air traffic liability                                                120,119         56,864         46,737
      Other                                                                   15,775         16,877          3,101
                                                                         -----------    -----------    -----------
        Net cash provided by operating activities                          1,298,286      1,029,393        886,135

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                     (1,134,644)    (1,167,834)      (947,096)
                                                                         -----------    -----------    -----------
        Net cash used in investing activities                             (1,134,644)    (1,167,834)      (947,096)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Issuance of long-term debt                                                      --        255,600             --
  Payments of long-term debt and
    capital lease obligations                                                (10,238)       (12,107)      (118,859)
  Payments of cash dividends                                                 (10,978)       (10,842)        (9,284)
  Proceeds from Employee stock plans                                          70,424         36,605         44,272
  Repurchases of common stock                                               (108,674)       (90,507)      (100,000)
                                                                         -----------    -----------    -----------
        Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                  (59,466)       178,749       (183,871)
                                                                         -----------    -----------    -----------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND
  CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                           104,176         40,308       (244,832)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT
  BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                                        418,819        378,511        623,343
                                                                         -----------    -----------    -----------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT
  END OF PERIOD                                                          $   522,995    $   418,819    $   378,511
                                                                         ===========    ===========    ===========

CASH PAYMENTS FOR:
  Interest, net of amount capitalized                                    $    36,946    $    26,604    $    33,384
  Income taxes                                                           $   150,000    $   131,968    $   147,447
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


                                       23
<PAGE>   25


NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December 31, 2000

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF PRESENTATION Southwest Airlines Co. (Southwest) is a major domestic
airline that provides primarily shorthaul, high-frequency, point-to-point,
low-fare service. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
Southwest and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the Company). All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. Certain prior year amounts
have been restated to conform to the current year presentation.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash equivalents consist of certificates of deposit
and investment grade commercial paper issued by major corporations and financial
institutions. Cash and cash equivalents are highly liquid and generally have
original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents are
carried at cost, which approximates market value.

INVENTORIES Inventories of flight equipment expendable parts, materials, and
supplies are carried at average cost. These items are generally charged to
expense when issued for use.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Depreciation is provided by the straight-line method to
estimated residual values over periods ranging from 20 to 25 years for flight
equipment and 3 to 30 years for ground property and equipment. See Note 2 for
further information on aircraft depreciation. Property under capital leases and
related obligations are recorded at an amount equal to the present value of
future minimum lease payments computed on the basis of the Company's incremental
borrowing rate or, when known, the interest rate implicit in the lease.
Amortization of property under capital leases is on a straight-line basis over
the lease term and is included in depreciation expense. The Company records
impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when events and
circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted
cash flows to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amounts of
those assets.

AIRCRAFT AND ENGINE MAINTENANCE The cost of scheduled engine inspections and
repairs and routine maintenance costs for aircraft and engines are charged to
maintenance expense as incurred. Scheduled airframe inspections and repairs,
known as "D" checks, are generally performed every ten years. Costs related to
"D" checks are capitalized and amortized over the estimated period benefited,
presently the least of ten years, the time until the next "D" check, or the
remaining life of the aircraft. Modifications that significantly enhance the
operating performance or extend the useful lives of aircraft or engines are
capitalized and amortized over the remaining life of the asset.


                                       24
<PAGE>   26


REVENUE RECOGNITION Passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is
provided. Tickets sold but not yet used are included in "Air traffic liability,"
which includes estimates that are evaluated and adjusted periodically. Any
adjustments resulting therefrom are included in results of operations for the
periods in which the evaluations are completed.

FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM The Company accrues the estimated incremental cost of
providing free travel for awards earned under its Rapid Rewards frequent flyer
program. The Company also sells flight segment credits and related services to
companies participating in its Rapid Rewards frequent flyer program. Prior to
2000, revenue from the sale of flight segment credits was recognized when the
credits were sold. However, beginning January 1, 2000, funds received from the
sale of flight segment credits and associated with future travel is deferred and
recognized as "Passenger revenue" when the ultimate free travel awards are flown
or the credits expire unused (see Note 2).

ADVERTISING The Company expenses the costs of advertising as incurred.
Advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998 was
$141.3 million, $137.7 million, and $119.7 million, respectively.

STOCK-BASED EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION Pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123 (SFAS 123), Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, the
Company accounts for stock-based compensation plans utilizing the provisions of
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 (APB 25), Accounting for Stock Issued
to Employees and related Interpretations. See Note 9.

FINANCIAL DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS The Company utilizes a variety of derivative
instruments, including both crude oil and heating oil based derivatives, to
hedge a portion of its exposure to jet fuel price increases. These instruments
consist primarily of purchased call options, collar structures, and fixed price
swap agreements. The net cost paid for option premiums and gains and losses on
fixed price swap agreements, including those terminated or settled early, are
deferred and charged or credited to fuel expense in the same month that the
underlying jet fuel being hedged is used. Hedging gains and losses are recorded
as a reduction of fuel and oil expense. Beginning January 1, 2001, the Company
will adopt Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 (SFAS 133),
Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities which will change
the way it accounts for financial derivative instruments. See Recent Accounting
Developments.

RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS In 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) issued SFAS 133. SFAS 133, as amended, is required to be adopted in
fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. The Company will adopt SFAS 133
effective January 1, 2001. SFAS 133 will require the Company to record all
derivatives on its balance sheet at fair value. Derivatives that are not
designated as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through income. If the
derivative is designated as a hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge,
changes in the fair value of derivatives that are considered to be effective, as
defined, will either offset the change in fair value of the hedged assets,
liabilities, or firm commitments through earnings or will be recorded in other
comprehensive income until the hedged item is recorded in earnings. Any portion
of a change in a derivative's fair value that is considered to be ineffective,
as defined, may have to be immediately recorded in


                                       25
<PAGE>   27


earnings. Any portion of a change in a derivative's fair value that the Company
has elected to exclude from its measurement of effectiveness, such as the change
in time value of option contracts, will be recorded in earnings.

The Company will account for its fuel hedge derivative instruments as cash flow
hedges, as defined. Although the fair value of the Company's derivative
instruments fluctuates daily, as of January 1, 2001, the fair value of the
Company's fuel hedge derivative instruments was approximately $98.3 million, of
which approximately $75.8 million was not recorded in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet. The $75.8 million will be recorded as an asset on the Company's balance
sheet as part of the transition adjustment related to the Company's adoption of
SFAS 133. The offset to this balance sheet adjustment will be an increase to
"Accumulated other comprehensive income", a component of stockholders' equity.
The portion of the transition adjustment in "Accumulated other comprehensive
income" that relates to 2001 hedge positions, based on fair value as of January
1, 2001, is approximately $73.9 million and will be reclassified into earnings
during 2001. The remainder of the transition amount will be reclassified to
earnings in periods subsequent to 2001. The Company believes the adoption of
SFAS 133 will result in more volatility in its financial statements than in the
past.

2. ACCOUNTING CHANGES

Effective January 1, 2000, the Company adopted Staff Accounting Bulletin 101
(SAB 101) issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission in December 1999. As
a result of adopting SAB 101, the Company changed the way it recognizes revenue
from the sale of flight segment credits to companies participating in its Rapid
Rewards frequent flyer program. Prior to the issuance of SAB 101, the Company
recorded revenue to "Other revenue" when flight segment credits were sold,
consistent with most other major airlines. Beginning January 1, 2000, the
Company recognizes "Passenger revenue" when free travel awards resulting from
the flight segment credits sold are earned and flown or credits expire unused.
Due to this change, the Company recorded a cumulative adjustment in first
quarter 2000 of $22.1 million (net of income taxes of $14.0 million) or $.04 per
share, basic and diluted. The impact in 2000 of adopting SAB 101 was to reduce
net income, before the cumulative effect of accounting change, by $4.6 million.
Excluding the impact of the change, basic and diluted net income per share for
2000, before the cumulative effect of accounting change, would have been $1.26
and $1.19, respectively. The Company also reclassified for comparison purposes
the revenue reported in prior periods related to the sale of flight segment
credits from "Other revenue" to "Passenger revenue."

Adopting this new method of accounting for 1999 and 1998 would have produced the
following pro forma results (in thousands, except per share amounts):


                                       26
<PAGE>   28


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
As reported, before the cumulative
effect of accounting change              2000          1999          1998
                                     -----------   -----------   -----------

<S>                                  <C>           <C>           <C>
Net income                           $   625,224   $   474,378   $   433,431
Net income per share, basic          $      1.25   $       .94   $       .87
Net income per share, diluted        $      1.18   $       .89   $       .82

<CAPTION>
Pro forma, before the cumulative
effect of accounting change              2000          1999          1998
                                     -----------   -----------   -----------

<S>                                  <C>           <C>           <C>
Net income                           $   625,224   $   470,439   $   428,449
Net income per share, basic          $      1.25   $       .94   $       .86
Net income per share, diluted        $      1.18   $       .88   $       .81
</TABLE>

Effective January 1, 1999, the Company revised the estimated useful lives of its
737-300 and -500 aircraft from 20 years to 23 years. This change was the result
of the Company's assessment of the remaining useful lives of the aircraft based
on the manufacturer's design lives, the Company's increased average aircraft
stage (trip) length, and the Company's previous experience. The effect of this
change was to reduce depreciation expense approximately $25.7 million and
increase net income $.03 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 1999.

3. COMMITMENTS

The Company's contractual purchase commitments consist primarily of scheduled
aircraft acquisitions. Twenty-five 737-700 aircraft are scheduled for delivery
in 2001, 27 in 2002, 13 in 2003, 29 in 2004, five in 2005, and 47 thereafter. In
addition, the Company has options to purchase up to 87 737-700s during 2003-2008
and purchase rights for an additional 217 737-700s during 2007-2012. The Company
has the option, which must be exercised two years prior to the contractual
delivery date, to substitute 737-600s or 737-800s for the 737-700s scheduled
subsequent to 2001. Aggregate funding needed for firm commitments is
approximately $4.0 billion, subject to adjustments for inflation, due as
follows: $668.3 million in 2001, $766.3 million in 2002, $472.2 million in 2003,
$640.7 million in 2004, $379.4 million in 2005, and $1.0 billion thereafter.


                                       27
<PAGE>   29


4. ACCRUED LIABILITIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                      2000       1999
                                  --------   --------
<S>                               <C>        <C>
Retirement plans (Note 10)        $180,340   $138,566
Aircraft rentals                   117,302    131,219
Vacation pay                        72,115     62,937
Other                              130,117     97,784
                                  --------   --------
                                  $499,874   $430,506
                                  ========   ========
</TABLE>

5. LONG-TERM DEBT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                      2000       1999
                                  --------   --------
<S>                               <C>        <C>
9.4% Notes due 2001               $100,000   $100,000
8 3/4% Notes due 2003              100,000    100,000
Aircraft Secured Notes due 2004    200,000    200,000
8% Notes due 2005                  100,000    100,000
7 7/8% Notes due 2007              100,000    100,000
French Credit Agreements            54,243     55,844
7 3/8% Debentures due 2027         100,000    100,000
Capital leases (Note 6)            117,083    123,834
Other                                   --      1,886
                                  --------   --------
                                   871,326    881,564
Less current maturities            108,752      7,873
Less debt discount                   1,582      1,974
                                  --------   --------
                                  $760,992   $871,717
                                  ========   ========
</TABLE>

In fourth quarter 1999, the Company issued $200 million of floating rate
Aircraft Secured Notes, due 2004. The Notes are funded by a bank through a
commercial paper conduit program and are secured by eight aircraft. Interest
rates on the Notes are based on the conduit's actual commercial paper rate, plus
fees, for each period and are expected to average approximately LIBOR plus 36
basis points over the term of the Notes. Interest is payable monthly and the
Company can prepay the Notes in whole or in part prior to maturity.

Also in fourth quarter 1999, the Company entered into two identical 13-year
floating rate financing arrangements, whereby it effectively borrowed a total of
$56 million from French banking partnerships. For presentation purposes, the
Company has classified these identical borrowings as one $56 million
transaction. The effective rate of interest over the 13-year term of the loans
is LIBOR plus 32 basis points. Principal and interest are payable semi-annually
on June 30 and December 31 for each of the loans and the Company may terminate
the arrangements in any year on either of those dates, with certain conditions.
The Company has pledged two aircraft as collateral for the entire transaction.


                                       28
<PAGE>   30


On February 28, 1997, the Company issued $100 million of senior unsecured 7 3/8%
Debentures due March 1, 2027. Interest is payable semi-annually on March 1 and
September 1. The Debentures may be redeemed, at the option of the Company, in
whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to
the greater of the principal amount of the Debentures plus accrued interest at
the date of redemption or the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon, discounted to the date of
redemption at the comparable treasury rate plus 20 basis points, plus accrued
interest at the date of redemption.

On March 7, 1995, the Company issued $100 million of senior unsecured 8% Notes
due March 1, 2005. Interest is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1.
The Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity.

On September 9, 1992, the Company issued $100 million of senior unsecured 7 7/8%
Notes due September 1, 2007. Interest is payable semi-annually on March 1 and
September 1. The Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity.

During 1991, the Company issued $100 million of senior unsecured 9.4% Notes and
$100 million of senior unsecured 8 3/4% Notes due July 1, 2001 and October 15,
2003, respectively. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually. The Notes
are not redeemable prior to maturity.

In addition to the credit facilities described above, Southwest has an unsecured
Bank Credit Agreement with a group of banks that permits Southwest to borrow
through May 6, 2002, on a revolving credit basis, up to $475 million. Interest
rates on borrowings under the Credit Agreement can be, at the option of
Southwest, the greater of the agent bank's prime rate or the federal funds rate
plus 50 basis points, LIBOR plus 17 basis points, or a fixed rate offered by the
banks at the time of borrowing. The commitment fee is 8 basis points per annum.
There were no outstanding borrowings under this agreement, or prior similar
agreements, at December 31, 2000 and 1999.

6. LEASES

Total rental expense for operating leases charged to operations in 2000, 1999,
and 1998 was $330.7 million, $318.2 million, and $305.2 million, respectively.
The majority of the Company's terminal operations space, as well as 94 aircraft,
were under operating leases at December 31, 2000. The amounts applicable to
capital leases included in property and equipment were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                    2000       1999
                                --------   --------
<S>                             <C>        <C>
Flight equipment                $164,909   $164,957
Less accumulated depreciation     92,763     85,722
                                --------   --------
                                $ 72,146   $ 79,235
                                ========   ========
</TABLE>

Future minimum lease payments under capital leases and noncancelable operating
leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year at December 31,
2000, were:


                                       29
<PAGE>   31


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           CAPITAL     OPERATING
(In thousands)                              LEASES       LEASES
                                          ----------   ----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>
  2001                                    $   17,391   $  274,564
  2002                                        17,561      262,142
  2003                                        17,750      237,627
  2004                                        17,650      213,782
  2005                                        23,507      203,385
After 2005                                    78,891    1,701,793
                                          ----------   ----------
Total minimum lease payments                 172,750   $2,893,293
                                                       ==========
Less amount representing interest             55,667
                                          ----------
Present value of minimum lease payments      117,083
Less current portion                           6,829
                                          ----------
Long-term portion                         $  110,254
                                          ==========
</TABLE>

The aircraft leases generally can be renewed at rates based on fair market value
at the end of the lease term for one to five years. Most aircraft leases have
purchase options at or near the end of the lease term at fair market value, but
generally not to exceed a stated percentage of the lessor's defined cost of the
aircraft.

7. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Company utilizes a variety of financial derivative instruments to hedge a
portion of its exposure to jet fuel price increases. During 2000 and 1999, the
Company recognized gains of $113.5 million and $14.8 million, respectively, from
hedging activities. At December 31, 2000, approximately $49.9 million was due
from third parties, and accordingly, is included in "Accounts and other
receivables" in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. For further details
of the Company's fuel hedge positions at December 31, 2000, see Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk and Recent Accounting Developments
in Note 1. The fair value of the Company's financial derivative instruments at
December 31, 2000, was approximately $98.3 million.

Any outstanding financial derivative instruments expose the Company to credit
loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements, but
the Company does not expect any of the counterparties to fail to meet their
obligations. The credit exposure related to these financial instruments is
represented by the fair value of contracts with a positive fair value at the
reporting date. To manage credit risks, the Company selects counterparties based
on credit ratings, limits its exposure to a single counterparty, and monitors
the market position of the program and its relative market position with each
counterparty. At December 31, 2000, the Company had an agreement with two
counterparties containing bilateral collateral provisions whereby cash deposits
are required if market risk exposure exceeds a specified threshold amount.
Neither the Company nor the


                                       30
<PAGE>   32


counterparties exceeded the threshold amount at December 31, 2000. The Company
is in the process of negotiating similar agreements with other counterparties.

The Company does not hold or issue any financial instruments for trading
purposes.

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company's long-term debt
at December 31, 2000 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                 CARRYING VALUE  FAIR VALUE
                               --------------  ----------
<S>                            <C>             <C>
8 3/4% Notes due 2003             $100,000      $104,854
Aircraft Secured Notes due 2004    200,000       200,000
8% Notes due 2005                  100,000       104,143
7 7/8% Notes due 2007              100,000       102,620
French Credit Agreements            54,243        54,243
7 3/8% Debentures due 2027         100,000        92,092
</TABLE>

The estimated fair values of the Company's long-term debt were based on quoted
market prices. The carrying values of all other financial instruments
approximate their fair value.

8. COMMON STOCK

The Company has one class of common stock. Holders of shares of common stock are
entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors and
are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the
shareholders.

At December 31, 2000, the Company had common stock reserved for issuance
pursuant to Employee stock benefit plans (101.2 million shares) and upon
exercise of rights (179.4 million shares) pursuant to the Common Share Purchase
Rights Agreement, as amended (Agreement).

Pursuant to the Agreement, each outstanding share of the Company's common stock
is accompanied by one common share purchase right (Right). Each Right is
exercisable only in the event of a proposed takeover, as defined by the
Agreement. The Company may redeem the Rights at $.0033 per Right prior to the
time that 15 percent of the common stock has been acquired by a person or group.
If the Company is acquired, as defined in the Agreement, each Right will entitle
its holder to purchase for $4.94 that number of the acquiring company's or the
Company's common shares, as provided in the Agreement, having a market value of
two times the exercise price of the Right. The Rights will expire no later than
July 30, 2006.

On July 22, 1998, the Company's Board of Directors declared a three-for-two
stock split, distributing 111.9 million shares on August 20, 1998. On May 20,
1999, the Company's Board of Directors declared a three-for-two stock split,
distributing 168.0 million shares on July 19, 1999. Unless


                                       31
<PAGE>   33


otherwise stated, all share and per share data presented in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been restated to give
effect to these stock splits.

During third quarter 1998, the Company completed a $100 million common stock
repurchase program, resulting in the repurchase of 7.3 million shares at an
average cost of $13.65 per share. All of the acquired shares were subsequently
reissued under Employee stock plans.

On September 23, 1999, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the Company
to repurchase up to $250 million of its outstanding common stock. As of December
31, 2000, this program had resulted in the repurchase of 12.2 million shares at
an average cost of $16.28 per share. All of the acquired shares are held as
common stock in treasury, less shares reissued under Employee stock option and
purchase plans. When treasury shares are reissued, the Company uses a first-in,
first-out method and the excess of repurchase cost over reissuance price, if
any, is treated as a reduction of retained earnings.

On January 18, 2001, the Company's Board of Directors declared a three-for-two
stock split, payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on
January 26, 2001, and also increased the quarterly dividend. Shares will be
distributed on February 15, 2001. The dividend will be adjusted to $.0045 per
share quarterly on the increased number of shares outstanding. The share and per
share data presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto has not been restated to give effect to this pending 2001 stock
split.

9. STOCK PLANS

At December 31, 2000, the Company had twelve stock-based compensation plans and
other stock options outstanding, which are described below. The Company applies
APB 25 and related Interpretations in accounting for its stock-based
compensation. Accordingly, no compensation expense is recognized for its fixed
option plans because the exercise prices of the Company's Employee stock options
equal or exceed the market prices of the underlying stock on the dates of grant.
Compensation expense for other stock options is not material.

The Company has eleven fixed option plans that cover various Employee groups.
Under these plans, the Company may grant up to 127 million shares of common
stock, of which 24.6 million shares were available for granting in future
periods as of December 31, 2000. Under plans covered by collective bargaining
agreements, options granted to Employees generally have terms similar to the
term of, and vest in annual increments over the remaining life of, the
respective collective bargaining agreement. Options granted to Employees not
covered by collective bargaining agreements have ten-year terms and vest and
become fully exercisable over three, five, or ten years of continued employment,
depending upon the grant type.

Aggregated information regarding the Company's eleven fixed stock option plans,
as adjusted for stock splits, is summarized below:


                                       32
<PAGE>   34


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            COLLECTIVE BARGAINING PLANS              OTHER EMPLOYEE PLANS
                                            ---------------------------           ---------------------------
                                                               AVERAGE                               AVERAGE
                                                               EXERCISE                              EXERCISE
(In thousands, except exercise prices)      OPTIONS             PRICE             OPTIONS             PRICE
                                            -------            --------           -------            --------

<S>                                         <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>
Outstanding December 31, 1997               47,211              $ 6.08             24,000             $ 5.29

  Granted                                    2,461               12.98              4,492              11.81

  Exercised                                 (3,462)               6.00             (3,861)              4.38

  Surrendered                                 (271)               6.17             (1,352)              7.07
                                            ------                                 ------

Outstanding December 31, 1998               45,939                6.45             23,279               6.60

  Granted                                    1,536               17.55              3,367              18.28

  Exercised                                 (2,218)               6.20             (3,292)              4.67

  Surrendered                                 (408)               6.49             (1,134)              8.34
                                            ------                                 ------

Outstanding December 31, 1999               44,849                6.48             22,220               6.92

  Granted                                    3,138               27.34              7,936              20.79

  Exercised                                 (5,263)               6.70             (4,944)              5.20

  Surrendered                                 (457)               7.73               (974)             13.00
                                            ------                                 ------

Outstanding December 31, 2000               42,267              $ 8.39             24,238             $12.99
                                            ======                                 ======

Exercisable December 31, 2000               21,881                7.01              5,957               9.31

Available for granting in future periods     7,974                                 16,658
</TABLE>

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding under
the eleven fixed option plans at December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                        OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                      --------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------
                         OPTIONS         WTD-AVERAGE                          OPTIONS
    RANGE OF          OUTSTANDING AT      REMAINING        WTD-AVERAGE     EXERCISABLE AT    WTD-AVERAGE
EXERCISE PRICES          12/31/00      CONTRACTUAL LIFE   EXERCISE PRICE      12/31/00      EXERCISE PRICE
- ----------------      --------------   ----------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
<S>                   <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>              <C>
$ 1.78 TO $ 2.32           675              .1 yrs            $ 1.90            675             $ 1.90
$ 3.35 TO $ 3.58           321             1.2 yrs              3.55            141               3.53
$ 5.00 TO $ 8.07        43,476             5.8 yrs              6.13         22,261               6.06
$ 8.75 TO $13.09         7,216             7.1 yrs             11.47          2,920              11.24
$15.15 TO $22.61         6,505             8.2 yrs             16.96          1,387              17.22
$23.18 TO $34.20         8,312             8.8 yrs             24.95            654              27.35
                       -------                                              -------
$ 1.78 TO $34.20        66,505             6.4 yrs            $10.07         27,838             $ 7.51
                       -------                                              -------
</TABLE>

The Company has granted options to purchase the Company's common stock related
to employment contracts with the Company's president and chief executive
officer. Depending upon the grant, these options have terms of ten years from
the date of grant or ten years from the date exercisable and vest and become
fully exercisable over three or four years. No options were granted in 2000,
1999, or 1998. At December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, total options of 4.1
million, 5.0 million, and 5.5 million were outstanding, respectively. At
December 31, 2000, total options of 4.1 million were exercisable at exercise
prices ranging from $1.00 to $6.96 per share. Options for 854,000, 570,000, and
342,000 shares were exercised in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

Under the 1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), as amended, at December 31,
2000, the Company is authorized to issue up to a remaining balance of 5.9
million shares of common stock


                                       33
<PAGE>   35


to Employees of the Company at a price equal to 90 percent of the market value
at the end of each purchase period. Common stock purchases are paid for through
periodic payroll deductions. Participants under the plan received 686,000 shares
in 2000, 649,000 shares in 1999, and 677,000 shares in 1998 at average prices of
$20.01, $16.24, and $11.63, respectively.

Pro forma information regarding net income and net income per share is required
by SFAS 123 and has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its
Employee stock-based compensation plans and other stock options under the fair
value method of SFAS 123. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
following weighted-average assumptions used for grants under the fixed option
plans in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively: dividend yield of .10 percent, .12
percent, and .16 percent; expected volatility of 34.87 percent, 35.66 percent,
and 38.20 percent; risk-free interest rate of 5.04 percent, 6.68 percent, and
4.66 percent; expected lives of 6.0 years for 2000, and 5.0 years for 1999 and
1998.

The fair value of options granted under the fixed option plans during 2000
ranged from $6.70 to $14.69. The fair value of options granted under the fixed
option plans during 1999 ranged from $6.26 to $8.81. The fair value of options
granted under the fixed option plans during 1998 ranged from $4.41 to $4.97. The
weighted-average fair value of each purchase right under the ESPP granted in
2000, 1999, and 1998, which is equal to the ten percent discount from the market
value of the common stock at the end of each purchase period, was $2.22, $1.75,
and $1.29, respectively.

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly
subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility. Because the
Company's Employee stock options have characteristics significantly different
from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input
assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's
opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single
measure of the fair value of its Employee stock options.

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of stock-based
compensation plans and other options is amortized to expense primarily over the
vesting period. The Company's pro forma net income and net income per share are
as follows:


                                       34
<PAGE>   36


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands except per share amounts)       2000          1999          1998
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
NET INCOME:
  As reported                             $   603,093   $   474,378   $   433,431
  Pro forma                               $   583,707   $   461,875   $   421,097
NET INCOME PER SHARE, BASIC:
  As reported                             $      1.21   $       .94   $       .87
  Pro forma                               $      1.17   $       .92   $       .84
NET INCOME PER SHARE, DILUTED:
  As reported                             $      1.14   $       .89   $       .82
  Pro forma                               $      1.11   $       .87   $       .79
</TABLE>

As required, the pro forma disclosures above include only options granted since
January 1, 1995. Consequently, the effects of applying SFAS 123 for providing
pro forma disclosures may not be representative of the effects on reported net
income for future years until all options outstanding are included in the pro
forma disclosures.

10. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLANS

The Company has defined contribution plans covering substantially all of
Southwest's Employees. The Southwest Airlines Co. Profitsharing Plan is a money
purchase defined contribution plan and Employee stock purchase plan. The Company
also sponsors Employee savings plans under section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code, which include Company matching contributions. The 401(k) plans
cover substantially all Employees. Contributions under all defined contribution
plans are based primarily on Employee compensation and performance of the
Company.

Company contributions to all retirement plans expensed in 2000, 1999, and 1998
were $241.5 million, $192.0 million, and $167.1 million, respectively.

11. INCOME TAXES

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The components of
deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2000 and 1999, are as
follows:


                                       35
<PAGE>   37


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                          2000         1999
                                     ----------   ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES:
  Accelerated depreciation           $1,049,791   $  862,620
  Scheduled airframe maintenance         71,519       52,890
  Other                                  23,805       24,637
                                     ----------   ----------
    Total deferred tax liabilities    1,145,115      940,147
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS:
  Deferred gains from sale and
    leaseback of aircraft               107,686      113,611
  Capital and operating leases           77,151       72,554
  Other                                 135,418       82,569
                                     ----------   ----------
    Total deferred tax assets           320,255      268,734
                                     ----------   ----------
    Net deferred tax liability       $  824,860   $  671,413
                                     ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

The provision for income taxes is composed of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                          2000         1999         1998
                                     ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>          <C>
CURRENT:
  Federal                            $  197,875   $  137,393   $  143,989
  State                                  26,671       18,900       19,357
                                     ----------   ----------   ----------
    Total current                       224,546      156,293      163,346
DEFERRED:
  Federal                               151,694      128,984       96,237
  State                                  15,900       13,956       12,098
                                     ----------   ----------   ----------
    Total deferred                      167,594      142,940      108,335
                                     ----------   ----------   ----------
                                     $  392,140   $  299,233   $  271,681
                                     ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

The Company received a statutory notice of deficiency from the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) in July 1995 in which the IRS proposed to disallow deductions
claimed by the Company on its federal income tax returns for the taxable years
1989 through 1991 for the costs of certain aircraft inspection and maintenance
procedures. The IRS has proposed similar adjustments to the tax returns of
numerous other members of the airline industry. In response to the statutory
notice of deficiency, the Company filed a petition in the United States Tax
Court on October 30, 1997, seeking a determination that the IRS erred in
disallowing the deductions claimed by the Company and there is no deficiency in
the Company's tax liability for the taxable years in issue. On December 21,
2000, the national office of the IRS published a revenue ruling in which it
concluded that aircraft inspection and maintenance, substantially the same as
that in issue in the Company's Tax Court suit, is currently deductible as an
ordinary and necessary business expense. Counsel for the Company and the IRS
soon will engage in discussions in an attempt to resolve the controversy in
conformity with the IRS revenue ruling and without the necessity of further
litigation. Management believes the final


                                       36
<PAGE>   38


resolution of this controversy will not have a material adverse effect upon the
financial position or results of operations of the Company.

The effective tax rate on income before income taxes differed from the federal
income tax statutory rate for the following reasons:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                2000        1999        1998
                           ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                        <C>         <C>         <C>
Tax at statutory
  U.S. tax rates           $ 356,077   $ 270,764   $ 246,789
Nondeductible items            6,801       6,664       5,099
State income taxes,
  net of federal benefit      27,671      21,356      20,445
Other, net                     1,591         449        (652)
                           ---------   ---------   ---------
  Total income
    tax provision          $ 392,140   $ 299,233   $ 271,681
                           =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>


                                       37
<PAGE>   39


12. NET INCOME PER SHARE

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income
per share:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands except per share amounts)     2000       1999       1998
                                          --------   --------   --------
<S>                                       <C>        <C>        <C>
NUMERATOR:
  Net income before cumulative effect
    of change in accounting principle     $625,224   $474,378   $433,431
  Cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle                    22,131         --         --
                                          --------   --------   --------
  Net income                              $603,093   $474,378   $433,431
                                          ========   ========   ========

DENOMINATOR:
  Weighted-average shares
    outstanding, basic                     499,078    503,065    500,013
  Dilutive effect of Employee
    stock options                           31,800     32,862     29,736
                                          --------   --------   --------
  Adjusted weighted-average
    shares outstanding, diluted            530,878    535,927    529,749
                                          ========   ========   ========

NET INCOME PER SHARE:
  Basic before cumulative effect
    of change in accounting principle     $   1.25   $    .94   $    .87
  Cumulative effect of change
    in accounting principle                    .04         --         --
                                          --------   --------   --------
  Basic earnings per share                $   1.21   $    .94   $    .87
                                          ========   ========   ========
  Diluted before cumulative effect
    of change in accounting principle     $   1.18   $    .89   $    .82
  Cumulative effect of change
    in accounting principle                    .04         --         --
                                          --------   --------   --------
  Diluted earnings per share              $   1.14   $    .89   $    .82
                                          ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

The Company has excluded 7.8 million and 4.5 million shares from its
calculations of diluted net income per share in 2000 and 1999, respectively, as
they represent antidilutive stock options for the respective periods presented.
There were no antidilutive stock options in 1998.


                                       38
<PAGE>   40


                           REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Southwest
Airlines Co. as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the related consolidated
statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2000. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Southwest Airlines
Co. at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, in 2000 the Company changed
its method of accounting for the sale of flight segment credits.

                                                ERNST & YOUNG LLP
                                                /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Dallas, Texas
January 18, 2001


                                       39
<PAGE>   41


                      QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)
                     (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                -------------------------------------------------
1999                             MARCH 31      JUNE 30     SEPT. 30      DEC. 31
- ----                            ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

<S>                             <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Operating revenues              $1,075,571   $1,220,432   $1,235,166   $1,204,418
Operating income                   166,617      254,331      206,463      154,165
Income before income taxes         156,102      256,598      207,949      152,962
Net income                          95,847      157,757      126,978       93,796
Net income per share, basic            .19          .31          .25          .19
Net income per share, diluted          .18          .29          .24          .18

<CAPTION>
2000                             MARCH 31      JUNE 30     SEPT. 30      DEC. 31
- ----                            ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------

<S>                             <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Operating revenues              $1,242,647   $1,460,675   $1,478,834   $1,467,404
Operating income                   155,408      314,558      300,109      251,070
Income before income taxes         155,973      310,865      301,073      249,453
Net income                          95,643(1)   190,622      184,298      154,661
Net income per share, basic            .19(1)       .38          .37          .31
Net income per share, diluted          .18(1)       .36          .35          .29
</TABLE>

(1)      Excludes cumulative effect of accounting change of $22.1 million ($.04
         per share).

ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE

None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

      See "Election of Directors" incorporated herein by reference from the
definitive Proxy Statement for Southwest's Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be
held May 16, 2001. See "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I
following Item 4 for information relating to executive officers.


                                       40
<PAGE>   42


ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

      See "Compensation of Executive Officers," incorporated herein by reference
from the definitive Proxy Statement for Southwest's Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held May 16, 2001.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

      See "Voting Securities and Principal Shareholders," incorporated herein by
reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for Southwest's Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held May 16, 2001.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      See "Election of Directors" incorporated herein by reference from the
definitive Proxy Statement for Southwest's Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be
held May 16, 2001.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)   1. Financial Statements:
         The financial statements included in Item 8 above are filed as part of
         this annual report.

      2. Financial Statement Schedules:
         There are no financial statement schedules filed as part of this annual
         report, since the required information is included in the consolidated
         financial statements, including the notes thereto, or the circumstances
         requiring inclusion of such schedules are not present.

      3. Exhibits:

         3.1      Restated Articles of Incorporation of Southwest (incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's Registration
                  Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-52155)); Amendment to
                  Restated Articles of Incorporation of Southwest (incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's Quarterly Report on
                  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1996 (File No.
                  1-7259)); Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation of
                  Southwest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
                  Southwest's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended June 30, 1998 (File No. 1-7259)); Amendment to Restated
                  Articles of Incorporation of Southwest (incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Southwest's Registration Statement
                  on Form S-8 (File No. 333-82735).

         3.2      Bylaws of Southwest, as amended through May 2000 (incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 1 to Southwest's Quarterly Report on
                  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 (File No.
                  1-7259).

         4.1      Restated Credit Agreement dated May 6, 1997, between Southwest
                  and Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association,
                  and the other banks named therein, and such banks.
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                  1997 (File No. 1-7259)); First Amendment to Competitive
                  Advance and Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated August
                  7, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
                  Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-7259); Second Amendment to
                  Competitive Advance and Revolving Credit Facility Agreement
                  dated January 20, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  4.1 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                  ended December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-7259)).


                                       41
<PAGE>   43


         4.2      Specimen certificate representing Common Stock of Southwest
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Southwest's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                  1994 (File No. 1-7259)).

         4.3      Indenture dated as of December 1, 1985 between Southwest and
                  MBank Dallas, N.A., Trustee, relating to an unlimited amount
                  of Debt Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
                  of Southwest's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26,
                  1986 (File No. 1-7259)) and First Supplemental Indenture dated
                  as of January 21, 1988, substituting MTrust Corp, National
                  Association, as Trustee, thereunder (incorporated by reference
                  to Exhibit 4.3 on Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                  the year ended December 31, 1987 (File 1-7259)).

         4.4      Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated July 18, 1996
                  between Southwest and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
                  Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  1, Southwest's Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A dated
                  August 12, 1996 (File No. 1-7259)).

         4.5      Indenture dated as of June 20, 1991 between Southwest Airlines
                  Co. and Bank of New York, successor to NationsBank of Texas,
                  N.A. (formerly NCNB Texas National Bank), Trustee
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's
                  Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 24, 1991 (File No.
                  1-7259)).

         4.6      Indenture dated as of February 25, 1997 between the Company
                  and U.S. Trust Company of Texas, N.A. (incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form
                  10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996 (File No. 1-7259)).

                  Southwest is not filing any other instruments evidencing any
                  indebtedness because the total amount of securities authorized
                  under any single such instrument does not exceed 10% of its
                  total consolidated assets. Copies of such instruments will be
                  furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon
                  request.

         10.1     Purchase Agreement No. 1810, dated January 19, 1994 between
                  The Boeing Company and Southwest (incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 10.4 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                  year ended December 31, 1993 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental
                  Agreement No. 1. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
                  Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1996 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreements
                  No. 2, 3 and 4 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
                  Southwest's Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1997 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreements
                  Nos. 5, 6, and 7; (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
                  to Southwest's Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreements
                  Nos. 8, 9, and 10 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
                  to Southwest's Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1999 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreements
                  Nos. 11, 12, 13 and 14 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10.1 to Southwest's Quarterly Report on form 10-Q for the
                  quarter ended September 30, 2000 (File No. 1-7259)).

                  Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has
                  been omitted and has been filed separately with the Securities
                  and Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment
                  Application filed with the Commission.

                  The following exhibits filed under paragraph 10 of Item 601
                  are the Company's compensation plans and arrangements.


                                       42
<PAGE>   44


         10.2     Form of Executive Employment Agreement between Southwest and
                  certain key employees pursuant to Executive Service
                  Recognition Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 28 to
                  Southwest Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                  June 30, 1987 (File No. 1-7259)).

         10.3     1992 stock option agreements between Southwest and Herbert D.
                  Kelleher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
                  Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1991 (File No. 1-7259)).

         10.4     1996 stock option agreements between Southwest and Herbert D.
                  Kelleher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
                  Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1996 (File No. 1-7259)).

         10.5     1991 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
                  33-40652)).

         10.6     1991 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8
                  (File No. 33-40652)).

         10.7     1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as amended September 21,
                  2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to Amendment No.
                  1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (file No. 333-40653)).

         10.8     Southwest Airlines Co. Profit Sharing Plan.

         10.9     Southwest Airlines Co. 401(k) Plan (incorporated by reference
                  to Exhibit 10.14 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                  the year ended December 31, 1991 (File No. 1-7259)).

         10.10    Southwest Airlines Co. 1995 SWAPA Non-Qualified Stock Option
                  Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
                  Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1994 (File No. 1-7259)).

         10.11    1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
                  333-20275)).

         10.12    1996 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8
                  (File No. 333-20275)).

         22       Subsidiaries of Southwest (incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 22 to Southwest's Annual Report on form 10-K for the
                  year ended December 31, 1997 (File No. 1-7259)).

         23       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.

         A copy of each exhibit may be obtained at a price of 15 cents per page,
$10.00 minimum order, by writing to: Director of Investor Relations, Southwest
Airlines Co., P.O. Box 36611, Dallas, Texas 75235-1611.

(b)      The following reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fourth quarter
         of 2000.

         None to be reported.


                                       43
<PAGE>   45


                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                               SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.

January 24, 2001
                                               By /s/ Gary C. Kelly
                                                  -----------------------
                                                  Gary C. Kelly
                                                  Vice President-Finance,
                                                  Chief Financial Officer


      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on January 24, 2001 on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Signature                            Capacity
         ---------                            --------

<S>                             <C>
/s/ Herbert D. Kelleher         Chairman of the Board of Directors,
- ----------------------------    President and Chief Executive Officer
Herbert D. Kelleher

/s/ Gary C. Kelly               Vice President-Finance
- ----------------------------    (Chief Financial and Accounting Officer)
Gary C. Kelly

/s/ Samuel E. Barshop           Director
- ----------------------------
Samuel E. Barshop

                                Director
- ----------------------------
Gene H. Bishop

                                Director
- ----------------------------
C. Webb Crockett

/s/ William H. Cunningham       Director
- ----------------------------
William H. Cunningham

/s/ William P. Hobby, Jr.       Director
- ----------------------------
William P. Hobby, Jr.

/s/ Travis C. Johnson           Director
- ----------------------------
Travis C. Johnson

                                Director
- ----------------------------
R. W. King

                                Director
- ----------------------------
June M. Morris
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   46


                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
- -------    -----------

<S>        <C>
  3.1      Restated Articles of Incorporation of Southwest (incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's Registration Statement on
           Form S-3 (File No. 33-52155)); Amendment to Restated Articles of
           Incorporation of Southwest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
           to Southwest's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
           June 30, 1996 (File No. 1-7259); Amendment to Restated Articles of
           Incorporation of Southwest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
           to Southwest's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
           June 30, 1998 (File No. 1-7259)); Amendment to Restated Articles of
           Incorporation of Southwest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2
           to Southwest's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
           333-82735)).

  3.2      Bylaws of Southwest, as amended through March, 2000 (incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 1 to Southwest's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
           for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 (File No. 1-7259)).

  4.1      Restated Credit Agreement dated May 6, 1997, between Southwest and
           Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, and the other
           banks named therein, and such banks. (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
           ended December 31, 1997 (File No. 1-7259)); First Amendment to
           Competitive Advance and Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated
           August 7, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
           Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
           31, 1998 (File No. 1-7259)); Second Amendment to Competitive Advance
           and Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated January 20, 1999
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's Annual
           Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998 (File No.
           1-7259)).

  4.2      Specimen certificate representing Common Stock of Southwest
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Southwest's Annual
           Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 (File No.
           1-7259)).

  4.3      Indenture dated as of December 1, 1985 between Southwest and MBank
           Dallas, N.A., Trustee, relating to an unlimited amount of Debt
           Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Southwest's
           Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 1986 (File No. 1-7259))
           and First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 21, 1988,
           substituting MTrust Corp, National Association, as Trustee,
           thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 on Southwest's
           Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987 (File
           1-7259)).

  4.4      Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated July 18, 1996 between
           Southwest and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights
           Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1, Southwest's
           Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A dated August 12, 1996 (File No.
           1-7259)).

  4.5      Indenture dated as of June 20, 1991 between Southwest Airlines Co.
           and Bank of New York, successor to NationsBank of Texas, N.A.
           (formerly NCNB Texas National Bank), Trustee (incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Southwest's Current Report on Form 8-K
           dated June 24, 1991 (File No. 1-7259)).

  4.6      Indenture dated as of February 25, 1997 between the Company and U.S.
           Trust Company of Texas, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           4.1 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1996 (File No. 1-7259)).
</TABLE>


                                       E-1
<PAGE>   47


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
- -------    -----------

<S>        <C>
           Southwest is not filing any other instruments evidencing any
           indebtedness because the total amount of securities authorized under
           any single such instrument does not exceed 10% of its total
           consolidated assets. Copies of such instruments will be furnished to
           the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

  10.1     Purchase Agreement No. 1810, dated January 19, 1994 between The
           Boeing Company and Southwest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           10.4 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1993 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreement No. 1.
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Southwest's Annual
           Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996 (File No.
           1-7259)).; Supplemental Agreements No. 2, 3 and 4 (incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K
           for the year ended December 31, 1997 (File No. 1-7259)); Supplemental
           Agreements Nos. 5, 6, and 7 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           10.1 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1998 (File No. 1-7259)), Supplemental Agreements Nos. 8,
           9, and 10 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Southwest's
           Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 (File
           No. 1-7259)); Supplemental Agreements Nos. 11, 12, 13 and 14
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Southwest's Quarterly
           Report on form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000 (File
           No. 1-7259)).

           Pursuant to 17 CFR 240.24b-2, confidential information has been
           omitted and has been filed separately with the Securities and
           Exchange Commission pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Application
           filed with the Commission.

           The following exhibits filed under paragraph 10 of Item 601 are the
           Company's compensation plans and arrangements.

  10.2     Form of Executive Employment Agreement between Southwest and certain
           key employees pursuant to Executive Service Recognition Plan
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 28 to Southwest Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1987 (File No.
           1-7259)).

  10.3     1992 stock option agreements between Southwest and Herbert D.
           Kelleher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Southwest's
           Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1991 (File
           No. 1-7259)).

  10.4     1996 stock option agreements between Southwest and Herbert D.
           Kelleher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Southwest's
           Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1996 (File
           No. 1-7259)).

  10.5     1991 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
           33-40652)).

  10.6     1991 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
           33-40652)).

  10.7     1991 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as amended September 21, 2000
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to Amendment No. 1 to
           Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-40653)).

  10.8     Southwest Airlines Co. Profit Sharing Plan.
</TABLE>


                                       E-2
<PAGE>   48


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION
- -------    -----------

<S>        <C>
  10.9     Southwest Airlines Co. 401(k) Plan (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.14 to Southwest's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
           ended December 31, 1991 (File No. 1-7259)).

  10.10    Southwest Airlines Co. 1995 SWAPA Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Southwest's Annual
           Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 (File No.
           1-7259)).

  10.11    1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
           333-20275)).

  10.12    1996 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
           333-20275)).

  22       Subsidiaries of Southwest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22 to
           Southwest's Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December
           31, 1997 (File No. 1-7259)).

  23       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.
</TABLE>


                                       E-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d83557ex10-8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. PROFIT SHARING PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.8

                             SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.

                               PROFIT SHARING PLAN


<PAGE>   2


                             SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
                              PROFIT SHARING PLAN

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

<S>                                                                         <C>
ARTICLE I PURPOSE.............................................................1

ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.......................................2
2.1 Definitions ..............................................................2
2.2 Construction .............................................................8

ARTICLE III ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION.....................................8
3.1 Eligibility Requirements..................................................8
3.2 Notification of Eligibility...............................................9
3.3 Reentry of Prior Members..................................................9

ARTICLE IV CONTRIBUTIONS.....................................................10
4.1 Company Contributions....................................................10

ARTICLE V ADJUSTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL ACCOUNTS..................................11
5.1 Individual Accounts......................................................11
5.2 Method of Adjustment.....................................................12

ARTICLE VI ALLOCATIONS.......................................................13
6.1 Company Contribution.....................................................13
6.2 Allocation of Forfeitures................................................13
6.3 Notification to Members..................................................14
6.4 Maximum Annual Addition to Account or Benefit............................14

ARTICLE VII RETIREMENT.......................................................16
7.1 Normal or Late Retirement................................................16
7.2 Benefit 16

ARTICLE VIII DEATH...........................................................16
8.1 Designation of Beneficiary...............................................16
8.2 Benefit .................................................................17
8.3 No Beneficiary ..........................................................17

ARTICLE IX DISABILITY........................................................18
9.1 Benefit .................................................................18

ARTICLE X TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND FORFEITURES..........................18
10.1 Eligibility and Benefits................................................18
10.2 Time of Payment.........................................................19
</TABLE>


                                       i
<PAGE>   3


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----
<S>                                                                         <C>
10.3 Forfeitures ............................................................19
10.4 Forfeiture for Cause....................................................19

ARTICLE XI WITHDRAWALS.......................................................20
11.1 Withdrawals ............................................................20

ARTICLE XII INVESTMENT OF THE TRUST FUND.....................................21
12.1 [deleted] ..............................................................21
12.2 Member Direction of Investment..........................................21
12.3 Conversion of Investments...............................................22

ARTICLE XIII ADMINISTRATION..................................................23
13.1 Appointment of Committee................................................23
13.2 Committee Powers and Duties.............................................24
13.3 Duties and Powers of the Plan Administrator.............................25
13.4 Rules and Decisions.....................................................26
13.5 Committee Procedures....................................................26
13.6 Authorization of Benefit Payments.......................................26
13.7 Payment of Expenses.....................................................26
13.8 Indemnification of Members of the Committee.............................27

ARTICLE XIV NOTICES..........................................................27
14.1 Notice to Trustee.......................................................27
14.2 Subsequent Notices......................................................27
14.3 Reliance upon Notice....................................................27

ARTICLE XV BENEFIT PAYMENTS..................................................28
15.1 Method of Payment.......................................................28
15.2 Time of Payment.........................................................28
15.3 Cash Out Distribution...................................................32
15.4 Minority or Disability Payments.........................................33
15.5 Distributions Under Domestic Relations Orders...........................33
15.6 Direct Rollover of Eligible Rollover Distributions......................35

ARTICLE XVI TRUSTEE..........................................................36
16.1 Appointment of Trustee..................................................36
16.2 Appointment of Investment Manager.......................................36
16.3 Responsibility of Trustee and Investment Manager........................37
16.4 Bonding of Trustee and Investment Manager...............................37

ARTICLE XVII AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN...............................38
17.1 Amendment of Plan.......................................................38
17.2 Termination of Plan.....................................................39
17.3 Suspension and Discontinuance of Contributions..........................39
17.4 Liquidation of Trust Fund...............................................39
17.5 Consolidation or Merger.................................................40
</TABLE>


                                       ii
<PAGE>   4


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----
<S>                                                                         <C>
ARTICLE XVIII GENERAL PROVISIONS.............................................40
18.1 No Employment Contract..................................................40
18.2 Manner of Payment.......................................................40
18.3 Nonalienation of Benefits...............................................41
18.4 Titles for Convenience Only.............................................41
18.5 Validity of Plan........................................................41
18.6 Plan Binding ...........................................................42
18.7 Return of Contributions.................................................42
18.8 Missing Members or Beneficiaries........................................42
18.9 Voting Rights ..........................................................43
18.10 Acquisition Loans......................................................45
18.11 Preretirement Diversification Rights...................................46
18.12 Qualified Military Service.............................................48

ARTICLE XIX TOP-HEAVY RULES..................................................49
19.1 Definitions ............................................................49
19.2 Determination of Top-Heavy Status.......................................50
19.3 Minimum Company Contribution............................................51
19.4 Minimum Vesting.........................................................52

ARTICLE XX FIDUCIARY PROVISIONS..............................................53
20.1 General Allocation of Duties............................................53
20.2 Fiduciary Duty .........................................................53
20.3 Fiduciary Liability.....................................................54
20.4 Co-Fiduciary Liability..................................................54
20.5 Delegation and Allocation...............................................54
</TABLE>


                                      iii
<PAGE>   5


                             SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
                               PROFIT SHARING PLAN

                                    PREAMBLE

         WHEREAS, SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO., a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of Texas (the "Company") has previously adopted a plan and trust
designated as the Southwest Airlines Co. Profit Sharing Plan (the "Prior Plan"),
effective January 1, 1973, which was subsequently amended and restated in its
entirety, effective January 1, 1986, and again amended and restated in its
entirety, effective January 1, 1991, as amended from time to time thereafter;

         WHEREAS, the Company now desires to continue the plan by again amending
and restating the Prior Plan for compliance with the Small Business Job
Protection Act of 1996, the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, and subsequent
legislation, and to incorporate amendments which have previously been made to
the plan;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to carry out the
purposes and intent as set forth above, the Prior Plan is hereby restated and
amended in its entirety, superseded and replaced by this Plan, effective January
1, 1996, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. There will be no gap
or lapse in time or effect between such plans, and the existence of a qualified
plan and trust shall be continuous and uninterrupted.

         The terms and conditions of this restated Plan are as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                    Purpose

         The purpose of this Plan is to reward Employees of the Company for
their loyal and faithful service, to provide the Employees with a retirement
benefit, and to provide funds for their beneficiaries in the event of death or
disability. The Plan is designed to invest primarily in

<PAGE>   6


qualifying employer securities, as such term is defined in Section 4975(e)(7) of
the Code, and is thus formally designated as an employee stock ownership plan
and a money purchase defined contribution plan. The benefits provided by this
Plan will be paid from a Trust Fund established by the Company and will be in
addition to the benefits Employees are entitled to receive under any other
programs of the Company and under the Social Security Act.

         This Plan and the separate related Trust forming a part hereof are
established and shall be maintained for the exclusive benefit of the Members
hereunder and their Beneficiaries. No part of the Trust Fund can ever revert to
the Company, except as hereinafter provided, or be used for or diverted to
purposes other than the exclusive benefit of the Members of this Plan and their
Beneficiaries.

                                  ARTICLE II

                         Definitions and Construction

         2.1 Definitions: Where the following words and phrases appear in this
Plan, they shall have the respective meanings set forth below, unless their
context clearly indicates to the contrary:

                  (a) Affiliate: A member of a controlled group of corporations
         (as defined in Section 414(b) of the Code), a group of trades or
         businesses (whether or not incorporated) which are under common control
         (as defined in Section 414(c) of the Code), or an affiliated service
         group (as defined in Section 414(m) of the Code) of which the Company
         is a member, or any entity otherwise required to be aggregated with the
         Company pursuant to Section 414(o) of the Code and the regulations
         issued thereunder.

                  (b) Allocation Date: The date on which Company Contributions
         and forfeitures are to be allocated, such date to be the last day of
         each Plan Year.

                  (c) Annual Compensation: The total amounts paid by the Company
         or any Eligible Affiliate to an Employee as remuneration for personal
         services rendered during each Plan Year, including expense allowances
         (to the extent includible in the gross income of the Employee) and any
         amounts not includible in the gross income of the Employee pursuant to
         Sections 125 or 402(g)(1) of the Code, but excluding director's fees,
         expense reimbursements and nontaxable expense allowances, prizes and
         awards, items of imputed income contributions made by the Company under
         this Plan or any


                                       2
<PAGE>   7


         other employee benefit plan or program it maintains, such as group
         insurance, hospitalization or like benefits, amounts realized or
         recognized from qualified or nonqualified stock options or when
         restricted stock or property held by the Employee either becomes freely
         transferable or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of
         forfeiture, and amounts, if any, paid to an Employee in lieu of a
         Company Contribution to this Plan in the event that such Company
         Contribution would constitute an annual addition, as defined in Section
         415(c)(2) of the Code, in excess of the limitations under Section
         415(c) of the Code. Annual Compensation shall include amounts otherwise
         includible, as provided above, which are paid by the Company or an
         Eligible Affiliate to the Employee through another person, pursuant to
         the common paymaster provisions of Sections 3121(s) and 3306(p) of the
         Code.

                  The Annual Compensation of each Member or former Member taken
         into account under the Plan for any Plan Year shall not exceed
         $150,000, as adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury for increases in
         the cost of living at the time and in the manner set forth in Section
         401(a)(17)(B) of the Code. Furthermore, for purposes of an allocation
         under the Plan based on Annual Compensation, Annual Compensation shall
         only include amounts actually paid to an Employee during the period he
         is a Member of the Plan.

                  (d) Beneficiary: A person designated by a Member or former
         Member to receive benefits hereunder upon the death of such Member or
         former Member.

                  (e) Break in Service: An Employee shall have a Break in
         Service for each Plan Year in which he completes less than 501 Hours of
         Service with the Company or an Eligible Affiliate unless he is on a
         leave of absence authorized by the Company or an Eligible Affiliate in
         accordance with its leave policy.

                  (f) Code: The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

                  (g) Committee: The persons who may be appointed to administer
         the Plan in accordance with Article XIII.

                  (h) Common Stock: The common stock of the Company.

                  (i) Company: Southwest Airlines Co., or its successor or
         successors.

                  (j) Company Contributions: Contributions which are made by the
         Company for each Plan Year pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.1
         hereof.

                  (k) Deductible Contributions: A Member's voluntary
         contributions, if any, to the Plan, made prior to January 1, 1987 and
         deductible by such Member for federal income tax purposes in accordance
         with Section 219 of the Internal Revenue Code, as then in effect.

                  (l) Deductible Contribution Account: A separate subaccount to
         which is credited a Member's Deductible Contributions, if any, and any
         earnings attributable thereto, adjusted to reflect any withdrawals,
         distributions or investment losses attributable thereto.


                                       3
<PAGE>   8


                  (m) Disability: A physical or mental condition which, in the
         judgment of the Committee, totally and presumably permanently prevents
         the Employee from engaging in any substantial gainful employment with
         the Company or an Eligible Affiliate. A determination of Disability
         shall be based upon competent medical evidence satisfactory to the
         Committee. The Committee shall apply the rules with respect to
         Disability uniformly and consistently to all Employees in similar
         circumstances.

                  (n) Effective Date: January 1, 1996, except as otherwise
         specifically provided herein.

                  (o) Employee: Any person who is receiving remuneration for
         personal services rendered to the Company or any Eligible Affiliate, or
         who would be receiving such remuneration except for an authorized leave
         of absence; provided, however, that any individual whose conditions of
         employment are governed by a collective bargaining agreement between
         the Company and a labor union shall not be considered an Employee
         unless the collective bargaining agreement provides for coverage of
         such individual under the Plan. In no event shall any individual
         employed by TranStar Airlines or any other Affiliate or subsidiary of
         the Company be considered an Employee unless such Affiliate or
         subsidiary has specifically been designated by the Company as an
         Eligible Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, individuals whose
         conditions of employment are governed by a collective bargaining
         agreement which does not provide for coverage of such individual under
         the Plan shall nonetheless be deemed to be an Employee for purposes of
         crediting service pursuant to the provisions of subsections 2.1(t),
         (gg) and (kk) hereunder.

                  The term "Employee" shall also include any "leased employee,"
         as such term is defined below, deemed to be an employee of an Employer
         or any Affiliate as provided in Sections 414(n) or (o) of the Code. The
         term "leased employee" means any person (other than an employee of the
         recipient) who, pursuant to an agreement between the recipient and any
         other person ("leasing organization"), has performed services for the
         recipient (or for the recipient and related persons determined in
         accordance with Section 414(n)(6) of the Code) on a substantially
         full-time basis for a period of at least one year, and such services
         are performed under primary direction or control by the recipient.
         Contributions or benefits provided by the leasing organization that are
         attributable to services performed for the recipient shall be treated
         as provided by the recipient. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leased
         employee shall not be considered an employee of the recipient if: (i)
         such employee is covered by a money purchase pension plan that
         provides: (1) a nonintegrated employer contribution rate of at least
         ten percent (10%) of compensation, as defined in Section 415(c)(3) of
         the Code, but including amounts contributed pursuant to a salary
         reduction agreement that are excludable from the employee's gross
         income under Section 125, Section 402(e)(3), Section 402(h)(1)(B), or
         Section 403(b)of the Code, immediate vesting; and (ii) leased employees
         do not constitute more than twenty percent (20%) of the recipient's
         nonhighly compensated work force.

                  (p) Employer Savings Account: A separate subaccount to which
         is credited a Member's Company Contributions and forfeitures, if any,
         and any earnings attributable


                                       4
<PAGE>   9


         thereto, adjusted to reflect any withdrawals, distributions or
         investment losses attributable thereto.

                  (q) Entry Date: January 1st of each year.

                  (r) ERISA: The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
         1974, as amended.

                  (s) Fund or Trust Fund: All assets of whatsoever kind or
         nature held from time to time by the Trustee in the Trust forming a
         part of this Plan, without distinction as to income and principal and
         without regard to source, i.e., allocations, Company contributions,
         earnings, forfeitures or gifts.

                  (t) Hour of Service: An Hour of Service shall include all
         hours for which pay is received or for which an Employee is entitled to
         payment, whether worked or not, plus service credit on the basis of the
         number of his regularly scheduled working hours for any other period of
         absence for which the Employee is paid or entitled to payment and which
         is authorized by the Company in accordance with its uniform leave
         policy for vacation, holiday, sick leave, illness, Disability, layoff,
         military service or civic duty. In no event shall credit for the number
         of Hours of Service attributable to a single continuous period for
         which no duties are performed exceed 501. Service credit shall also be
         given for each other leave of absence authorized by the Company for
         which the Employee is paid or entitled to payment.

                  Hours of Service shall be computed on an equivalency basis,
         whereby for each month during which an Employee would be credited with
         at least one Hour of Service (or, in the case of flight attendants or
         pilots, one trip), such Employee shall be credited with one hundred
         ninety (190) Hours of Service.

                  These hours must be credited to Employees in the computation
         period during which the duties were performed, or, if no duties were
         performed, during which the applicable period of absence occurred, and
         not when paid, if different. Credit must also be given, without
         duplicating any hours described above, for each hour for which back
         pay, irrespective of mitigation of damages, has been awarded or agreed
         to by the Company or any Eligible Affiliate. These hours must be
         credited in the computation period or periods to which the award or
         agreement pertains rather than that in which the payment, award or
         agreement was made.

                  In determining the number of Hours of Service to be credited
         to an Employee in the case of a payment which is made or due to an
         Employee under the provisions of the paragraphs above, the Committee
         shall apply the rules set forth in Department of Labor Regulations
         2530.200b-2(b) and (c), which rules are incorporated into and made a
         part of this Plan by reference.

                  Effective for Plan Years beginning after 1984, for purposes of
         determining whether an Employee has incurred a Break in Service as
         defined in Section 2.1(e), the Committee shall credit an Employee with
         Hours of Service during absence from work for maternity or paternity
         reasons which would otherwise have been credited to such


                                       5
<PAGE>   10


         Employee but for such absence. For purposes of this Plan, an Employee
         shall be deemed to be on maternity or paternity leave if the Employee's
         absence from work is (1) by reason of the pregnancy of the Employee,
         (2) by reason of the birth of a child of the Employee, (3) by reason of
         the placement of a child with the Employee in connection with the
         adoption of such child by the Employee, or (4) for purposes of caring
         for such child for a period beginning immediately following such birth
         or placement. The Hours of Service credited under this paragraph shall
         be limited to the lesser of (1) the number necessary to prevent the
         Employee from incurring a Break in Service or (2) 501 Hours of Service.
         Hours of Service credited under this paragraph shall be credited in the
         Plan Year in which the absence begins, but if the Employee does not
         need those Hours of Service to prevent a Break in Service in the Plan
         Year in which the absence began, then they shall be credited in the
         immediately following Plan Year.

                  Hours of Service during the period prior to January 1, 1976
         shall be determined from whatever records may be reasonably accessible
         to the Company and, if such records are insufficient, the Company may
         make whatever calculations are necessary to approximate Hours of
         Service for such period in a manner uniformly applicable to all
         Employees similarly situated. These provisions shall be construed by
         resolving any questions or ambiguities in favor of crediting Employees
         with Hours of Service.

                  (u) Individual Account: The account or record maintained by
         the Committee showing the monetary value of the individual interest in
         the Trust Fund of each Member, former Member and Beneficiary.

                  (v) Investment Managers: The qualified and acting Investment
         Managers, as defined in ERISA, who under this Plan may be appointed by
         the Company to invest and manage Plan assets as fiduciaries.

                  (w) Member: An Employee who has met the eligibility
         requirements for participation in this Plan, as set forth in Article
         III hereof.

                  (x) Named Fiduciary: The Committee shall be the Named
         Fiduciary designated to manage the operation and administration of the
         Plan.

                  (y) Nondeductible Contributions: A Member's voluntary
         contributions, if any, to the Plan, made prior to January 1, 1987,
         which are not deductible by such Member for federal income tax
         purposes.

                  (z) Nondeductible Contribution Account: A separate subaccount
         to which is credited a Member's Nondeductible Contributions, if any,
         and any earnings attributable thereto, adjusted to reflect any
         withdrawals, distributions or investment losses attributable thereto.

                  (aa) Normal Retirement Date: The date on which a Member
         attains the age of fifty-nine and one-half (59 1/2) years.

                  (bb) Plan: Southwest Airlines Co. Profit Sharing Plan, as
         amended from time to time.


                                       6
<PAGE>   11


                  (cc) Plan Administrator: Such person or persons as designated
         by the Committee, which shall be the Committee unless and until it
         designates such other person or persons.

                  (dd) Plan Year: The annual period beginning January 1st and
         ending December 31st, both dates inclusive of each year.

                  (ee) Prior Plan: The Southwest Airlines Co. Profit Sharing
         Plan, effective January 1, 1973, as heretofore amended and restated
         from time to time.

                  (ff) Retirement: Termination of employment after a Member has
         reached his Normal Retirement Date. Retirement shall be considered as
         commencing on the day immediately following a Member's last day of
         employment.

                  (gg) Service: A period or periods of employment by an Employee
         used in determining eligibility for Plan participation or in
         determining the amount of benefits. If the Company is a member of a
         controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section 414(b) of the
         Code), is one of a group of trades or businesses (whether or not
         incorporated) which are under common control (as defined in Section
         414(c) of the Code), is a member of an affiliated service group (as
         defined in Section 414(m) of the Code) or is otherwise required to be
         aggregated with any entity pursuant to Section 414(o) of the Code and
         the regulations issued thereunder, then Service shall include any
         employment with any such Affiliate from and after the date such entity
         becomes an Affiliate, including Service prior to the Effective Date.

                  (hh) Trust: Southwest Airlines Co. Profit Sharing Trust, as
         amended from time to time, the Trust established to hold and invest
         contributions made under the Plan and Prior Plan for the exclusive
         benefit of the Members included in the Plan from which the benefits
         will be distributed.

                  (ii) Trustee: The qualified and acting Trustee under the
         Trust, who shall be the fiduciary designated to invest and manage the
         Plan assets, other than those which may be managed exclusively by an
         Investment Manager, and to operate and administer the Trust Fund.

                  (jj) Valuation Date: Each business day on which the financial
         markets are open for trading activity.

                  (kk) Vesting Service: Vesting Service is the period of
         employment used in determining eligibility for benefits. A year of
         Vesting Service shall be granted for each Plan Year in which an
         Employee has completed 1,000 or more Hours of Service with the Company
         or an Affiliate, subject to the following exceptions:

                           (i) Vesting Service prior to January 1, 1973 shall be
                  excluded.

                           (ii) Vesting Service completed after December 31,
                  1972 and prior to January 1, 1976 shall be excluded if such
                  service would have been disregarded under the break in service
                  rules of the Prior Plan, as then in effect. For this


                                       7
<PAGE>   12


                  purpose, break in service rules are those rules which result
                  in the loss of prior vesting because of service termination or
                  failure to complete a required period of service within a
                  specified time.

                           (iii) In the case of an Employee who has a Break in
                  Service, his years of Vesting Service before such Break in
                  Service shall not be taken into account until he has completed
                  a year of Vesting Service following his reemployment. Prior to
                  January 1, 1985, in the case of an Employee who has any Break
                  in Service, all years of Vesting Service incurred after such
                  Break shall be disregarded for purposes of measuring years of
                  Vesting Service before such Break. However, effective January
                  1, 1985, and thereafter, in the case of an Employee who has
                  five (5) or more consecutive Breaks in Service, all years of
                  Vesting Service incurred after such Breaks in Service will be
                  disregarded for purposes of measuring years of Vesting Service
                  before such Breaks in Service.

                           (iv) Prior to January 1, 1985, if an Employee who
                  does not have any nonforfeitable right to his Employer Savings
                  Account incurs a period of consecutive Breaks in Service that
                  equals or exceeds the aggregate number of years of Vesting
                  Service incurred before such period, then all of his prior
                  years of Vesting Service before such period shall no longer be
                  credited to him. However, effective January l, 1985, and
                  thereafter, if an Employee who does not have any
                  nonforfeitable right to his Employer Savings Account incurs a
                  period of consecutive Breaks in Service that equals or exceeds
                  the greater of (1) five or (2) the aggregate number of years
                  of Vesting Service incurred before such period, then all of
                  his prior years of Vesting Service before such period shall no
                  longer be credited to him.

                  (ll) Eligible Affiliate: An Affiliate, the employees of which
         the Company has specifically designated as being eligible to
         participate in the Plan.

         2.2 Construction: The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan,
shall be deemed to include the feminine gender, unless the context clearly
indicates to the contrary. The words "hereof," "herein," "hereunder," and other
similar compounds of the word "here" shall mean and refer to the entire Plan,
not to any particular provision or section. The Plan and Trust shall each form a
part of the other by reference and terms shall be used therein interchangeably.

                                  ARTICLE III

                         Eligibility and Participation

         3.1 Eligibility Requirements: Every Employee on the Effective Date, who
was a Member in the Prior Plan on the day before the Effective Date, shall
continue to be a Member in


                                       8
<PAGE>   13


the Plan. Every other Employee shall be eligible to become a Member in the Plan
as of the first Entry Date concurrent with or next following his employment
commencement date or the date on which his employer became an Eligible
Affiliate, whichever is later. The employment commencement date is the first day
for which an Employee is entitled to be credited hereunder with an Hour of
Service. Non-resident aliens who receive no earned income from the Company which
constitutes income from sources within the United States shall not be eligible
to participate in the Plan.

         3.2 Notification of Eligibility: The Committee shall promptly notify in
writing each Employee of his qualification as a Member and shall furnish each
new Member a copy of such explanation of the Plan as the Committee shall provide
for that purpose. Any Employee who is eligible to become a Member may elect to
participate in the Plan upon the date on which he first becomes eligible by
executing and filing with the Committee, prior to or upon such date, an
application form furnished by the Committee. An Employee who does not become a
Member on the date on which he first becomes eligible may become a Member on any
subsequent Entry Date by executing and filing with the Committee, prior to or
upon such date, an application form furnished by the Committee.

         3.3 Reentry of Prior Members: An Employee who terminates employment
after becoming a Member hereunder shall be eligible to participate immediately
upon his completion of one Hour of Service following his reemployment by the
Company or an Eligible Affiliate. An Employee who terminates employment after
satisfying the requirements of Section 3.1 hereof, but prior to the first Entry
Date following the satisfaction of such requirements, shall be eligible to
participate immediately upon his completion of one Hour of Service following his


                                       9
<PAGE>   14


reemployment by the Company or an Eligible Affiliate, or, if later, the first
Entry Date following the satisfaction of such requirements.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                 Contributions

         4.1 Company Contributions: For each Plan Year, the Company shall
contribute to the Trust Fund a contribution for each Member and former Member
who is entitled to have a contribution made on his behalf for such Plan Year, as
set forth in Section 6.1 hereof. The contribution made on behalf of each Member
and former Member so entitled shall be that uniform percentage (but in no event
less than one-tenth of one percent (.1%)) of the Annual Compensation of each
such Member and former Member that is cumulatively equal to 15% of ANP, with
such cumulative amount reduced by the contribution made to the Southwest
Airlines Co. Deferred Compensation Plan for Pilots for such Plan Year pursuant
to section 3.2 thereof.

         For purposes of the foregoing, ANP is the operating profit of the
Company for such Plan Year. As used herein, the term 'operating profit' of the
Company for any Plan Year shall mean its income for such Plan Year before income
taxes, derived in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
as set forth in the Company's audited statement of income included in the annual
report to shareholders, before provision for any contribution to this Plan,
excluding (1) nonoperating and non-recurring gains or losses not arising from
the Company's usual business operations, including gains or losses from the sale
or exchange of capital assets, as set forth in the Company's audited statement
of income, and (2) profits or losses incurred by TranStar or any separately
definable division of the Company; provided, however that notwithstanding the
foregoing, profits and losses incurred by Morris Air Corporation shall be taken
into account for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1993. In no event shall
the


                                       10
<PAGE>   15


Company Contribution for a Plan Year exceed the total amount deductible as a
Plan contribution for such Plan Year under the applicable provisions of the
Code.

         The contribution shall be made either (1) in cash, (2) in Common Stock
having a fair market value equal to the amount of the contribution, or (3) in
cash and Common Stock having an aggregate fair market value equal to the amount
of the contribution. The fair market value of any Common Stock contributed shall
be based on the mean of the reported high and low sales prices of Common Stock
on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Tape on the day of the contribution to
the Plan; except however, if the Company acquires Common Stock on the open
market and contributes it to the Plan immediately following the settlement date,
then the fair market value of the contribution shall be equal to the cost paid
by the Company for the Common Stock, including commissions and other expenses
which the Trustee would incur in the acquisition of Common Stock if the Trustee
acquired the Common Stock directly. Any portion of the contribution made in
Common Stock may be made in the form of authorized but unissued shares or shares
previously issued and reacquired by the Company.

         Company Contributions shall be added to and become a part of the Trust
Fund, and, as of each Allocation Date, shall be credited to the Individual
Accounts of the Members, as provided in Section 6.1 hereof.

                                   ARTICLE V

                       Adjustment of Individual Accounts

         5.1 Individual Accounts: The Committee shall establish an Individual
Account for each Member showing the monetary value of the individual interest in
the Trust Fund of each Employee, former Employee and Beneficiary. The Individual
Account of each Member shall be composed of an Employer Savings Account, to
which Company Contributions and forfeitures, if


                                       11
<PAGE>   16


any, shall be credited. In addition, if a Member was at any time prior to the
Effective Date a member of the Prior Plan who, prior to January 1, 1987, made
voluntary Deductible Contributions or Nondeductible Contributions, his
Individual Account shall include a Deductible Contribution Account and/or
Nondeductible Contribution Account, as applicable. Such accounts are primarily
for accounting purposes and do not require a segregation of the Trust Fund,
except as otherwise provided herein.

         5.2 Method of Adjustment: As of each Valuation Date, before any
restoration of accounts as required pursuant to Section 15.3 hereof and before
taking into account the contributions of the Company and forfeitures for the
period since the last preceding Valuation Date, the Committee or the Trustee, as
directed by the Committee, shall value the assets of each investment fund and
adjust the Individual Accounts of all Members who have elected to participate in
such investment fund as follows:

                  (a) The Committee shall determine the market value of the
         investment fund, including the effect of expenses of administration and
         other charges against such investment fund since the last Valuation
         Date.

                  (b) The Committee shall determine the total aggregate value of
         all Individual Accounts participating in the investment fund as shown
         in its records as of the prior Valuation Date. The Individual Account
         balances of Employees, former Employees and Beneficiaries shall be
         reduced by any amounts paid to them from the investment fund since the
         last Valuation Date.

                  (c) The Committee shall then adjust the value of each
         Individual Account participating in the investment fund by crediting
         each Individual Account with its proportion of the difference between
         (a) and (b) if (a) is the larger or charging it with its proportion of
         the difference between (a) and (b) if (b) is larger; the proportion to
         be so credited or charged to each Individual Account shall be
         calculated by multiplying the difference between (a) and (b) by a
         fraction, the numerator of which is the then value of said Individual
         Account and the denominator of which is the then aggregate value of all
         Individual Accounts participating in such investment fund.


                                       12
<PAGE>   17


                                   ARTICLE VI

                                  Allocations

         6.1 Company Contribution: As of each Allocation Date, but after any
adjustment of Individual Accounts, as provided in Section 5.2, and other
applicable provisions herein, the Committee shall credit the Company
Contribution, as described in Section 4.1 hereof, for the Plan Year ending with
said Allocation Date to the Individual Accounts of all Members and former
Members, except those Members and former Members who: (a) failed to complete at
least 1,000 Hours of Service during such Plan Year or (b) terminated employment
prior to the Allocation Date and who do not have any nonforfeitable right to a
benefit hereunder.

         6.2 Allocation of Forfeitures: If a Member or former Member forfeits a
portion of his Individual Account as provided in Section 10.3 hereof, then said
forfeited amount shall be used first to restore the Individual Accounts of
rehired Members, as required under Section 15.3 hereof. Any remaining
forfeitures shall be allocated as soon as practicable following the Plan Year in
which said forfeiture occurs among the Individual Accounts of the Members and
former Members who are eligible to have a Company contribution credited on their
behalf for such Plan Year, as set forth in Section 6.1 hereof. The amount of the
forfeiture allocated under this Section 6.2 to the Individual Account of such
Member or former Member shall be in the proportion that his Annual Compensation
for the Plan Year in which the allocation occurs bears to the total Annual
Compensation for such Plan Year of all such Members and former Members.

If a Member or former Member who does not have any nonforfeitable right to his
Individual Account terminates his employment and thereby forfeits his Individual
Account, then in the event such Member or former Member is reemployed before he
has incurred five (5) or more


                                       13
<PAGE>   18


consecutive Breaks in Service, his Individual Account which was forfeited shall
be restored by the Company at the time of his reemployment.

         6.3 Notification to Members: At least annually, the Committee shall
advise each Member, former Member and Beneficiary for whom an Individual Account
is held hereunder of the then balance in such account.

         6.4 Maximum Annual Addition to Account or Benefit:

                  (a) Limitations. If the Employer maintains this Plan and one
         or more other qualified defined contribution plans, the Annual
         Additions (as defined in subsection (b) below) allocated under this
         Plan to any Member's Individual Account shall be limited in accordance
         with the allocation provisions of this subsection 6.4(a).

                  The amount of the Annual Additions which may be allocated
         under this Plan to the Individual Account of any Member as of any
         Allocation Date, together with Annual Additions allocated on behalf of
         any such Member under any other defined contribution plan of the
         Employer for the Limitation Year (as defined in subsection (b) below)
         in which such Allocation Date occurs, shall not exceed the Maximum
         Permissible DC Amount (as defined in subsection (b) below), based upon
         Annual Compensation up to such Allocation Date for such Limitation
         Year.

                  If the Annual Additions allocated on behalf of a Member or
         former Member under this Plan and any other defined contribution plan
         of the Employer are to be reduced as of any Allocation Date as a result
         of exceeding the limitations described in the next preceding two
         paragraphs, such reduction shall be, to the extent required, effected
         by first reducing the Annual Additions to be allocated on behalf of
         such Member or former Member under this Plan as of such Allocation
         Date.

                  If as a result of the first three paragraphs of this
         subsection 6.4(a) the allocation of Annual Additions under this Plan is
         to be reduced, such reduction shall be allocated to a suspense account
         as of such Allocation Date and held therein until the next succeeding
         Allocation Date on which Company Contributions and forfeitures could be
         allocated under the provisions of the Plan, at which time such
         reduction shall be allocated and reallocated to the Individual Accounts
         of Members hereunder (in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.1
         hereof and subject to the limitations of this Section 6.4) before any
         Company Contributions may be made to the Plan for the limitation year
         ending on such Allocation Date. In the event of termination of the
         Plan, the suspense account shall revert to the Company to the extent it
         may not be allocated to any Individual Account. If a suspense account
         is in existence at any time during a Limitation Year pursuant to this
         Section, it will not participate in the allocation of the Trust Fund's
         investment gains and losses.


                                       14
<PAGE>   19


                  (b) Definitions Applicable to Section 6.4. For purposes of
         Section 6.4, the following definitions shall apply:

                           (1) Annual Additions: Annual Additions are the sum of
                  the following amounts allocated on behalf of a Member or
                  former Member for a Limitation Year:

                                    (i) all Employer contributions;

                                    (ii) all forfeitures;

                                    (iii) all Employee contributions; and

                                    (iv) amounts allocated after March 31, 1984,
                           to an individual medical benefit account, as defined
                           in Code Section 415(1)(2) which is part of a pension
                           or annuity plan maintained by the Employer, and
                           amounts derived from contributions paid or accrued
                           after December 31, 1985, in taxable years ending
                           after such date, which are attributable to
                           post-retirement medical benefits allocated to the
                           separate account of a key employee (as defined in
                           Code Section 419(d)(3)) under a welfare benefit plan
                           (as defined in Code Section 419(e) maintained by the
                           Employer.

                           The Annual Additions for any Limitation Year
                  beginning before January 1, 1987, shall not be recomputed to
                  treat all Employee Contributions as Annual Additions.

                           (2) Employer: Employer shall mean, in addition to the
                  Company (as defined in Section 2.1(i) hereof, all members of a
                  controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section 414(b)
                  of the Code as modified by Section 415(h)), all commonly
                  controlled trades or businesses (as defined in Section 414(c)
                  as modified by Section 415(h)) or affiliated service groups
                  (as defined in Section 414(m)) of which the Company is a part,
                  and any other entity required to be aggregated with the
                  Company pursuant to regulations under Section 414(o) of the
                  Code.

                           (3) Limitation Year: The Limitation Year shall be the
                  twelve (12) consecutive month period ending on the last day of
                  December or any other twelve (12) consecutive month period for
                  all qualified plans of the Company pursuant to a written
                  resolution the Company adopts.

                           (4) Maximum Permissible DC Amount: The Maximum
                  Permissible DC Amount for a given Limitation Year is equal to
                  the lesser of (i) 25% of Annual Compensation (excluding
                  contributions made by the Employer pursuant to a salary
                  reduction agreement under a plan subject to Code Section
                  401(k) or Code Section 125) for such Limitation Year or (ii)
                  $30,000. Effective January 1, 1998, the Maximum Permissible DC
                  Amount for a given Limitation Year is equal to the lesser of
                  (i) 25% of Annual Compensation for such Limitation Year or
                  (ii) $30,000. If a short Limitation Year is created because of
                  an amendment changing


                                       15
<PAGE>   20


                  the Limitation Year to a different twelve (12) consecutive
                  month period, the $30,000 referred to in the previous sentence
                  is multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal
                  to the number of months in the short Limitation Year and the
                  denominator of which is twelve.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                                   Retirement

         7.1 Normal or Late Retirement: A Member, upon reaching his Normal
Retirement Date for the purposes of this Plan, shall be one hundred percent
(100%) vested in his Individual Account and such amount contained therein shall
be nonforfeitable. If a Member continues in the employment of the Company beyond
his Normal Retirement Date, he shall continue to participate in the Plan.

         7.2 Benefit: Upon Retirement (whether normal or late Retirement in
accordance with Section 7.1), a Member shall be entitled to the entire amount to
the credit of his Individual Account as of the Valuation Date concurrent with or
next following his date of Retirement, including his portion, if any, of Company
Contributions and forfeitures allocated after his date of Retirement, adjusted
for earnings and losses, if any, which accrue to the Valuation Date immediately
preceding the date of distribution, if later. Upon his Retirement under this
Article VII, a Member shall receive the benefits to which he is entitled at the
time and in the manner provided in Article XV hereof.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                     Death

         8.1 Designation of Beneficiary: Each Member and former Member may, from
time to time, designate one or more Beneficiaries and alternate Beneficiaries to
receive benefits pursuant to this Article in the event of the death of such
Member or former Member. Such designation shall be made in writing upon a form
provided by the Committee and shall only be


                                       16
<PAGE>   21


effective when filed with the Committee. The last such designation filed with
the Committee shall control.

         If a Member is married, his spouse shall automatically be his
Beneficiary; provided, however, a Beneficiary other than his spouse may be
designated if (1) his spouse consents in writing to such designation, the
consent acknowledges the effect of such designation and the designation is
witnessed by a member of the Committee or a notary public, or (2) it is
established to the satisfaction of the Committee that there is sufficient reason
why the consent may not be obtained.

         8.2 Benefit: Subject to the requirements of Section 18.11 hereof, upon
the death of a Member or former Member, his designated Beneficiary shall be
entitled to the entire amount to the credit of his Individual Account as of the
Valuation Date concurrent with or next following his date of death, including
his portion, if any, of Company Contributions and forfeitures allocated after
the date of his death, adjusted for earnings and losses, if any, which accrue to
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the date of distribution, if later.
Payment shall be made at the time and in the manner provided in Article XV
hereof.

         8.3 No Beneficiary: If a Member or former Member dies without a
designated Beneficiary surviving him, or if all his Beneficiaries die before
receiving the payment to which they are entitled, then any amounts to which such
Member, former Member or Beneficiary is entitled hereunder shall be paid to his
estate.

         For the purpose of this Plan, the production of a certified copy of the
death certificate of any Employee or other person shall be sufficient evidence
of death, and the Committee shall be fully protected in relying thereon. In the
absence of such proof, the Committee may rely upon such other evidence of death
as it deems necessary or advisable.


                                       17
<PAGE>   22


                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   Disability

         9.1 Benefit: In the event of the Disability of a Member or former
Member, he shall be entitled to the entire amount to the credit of his
Individual Account as of the Valuation Date concurrent with or next following
the date on which his termination of employment occurs as a result of his
Disability, including his portion, if any, of Company Contributions and
forfeitures allocated after the date of his termination of employment, adjusted
for earnings and losses, if any, which accrue to the Valuation Date immediately
preceding the date of distribution, if later. Payments shall be made at the time
and in the manner provided in Article XV hereof.

                                   ARTICLE X

                   Termination of Employment and Forfeitures

         10.1 Eligibility and Benefits: If a Member's employment with the
Company and all Eligible Affiliates shall terminate for any reason other than
his Retirement Under Article VII, death under Article VIII, or Disability under
Article IX, such Member shall be entitled to all of his Nondeductible
Contribution Account and Deductible Contribution Account and to a percentage of
the amount in his Employer Savings Account as of the Valuation Date concurrent
with or next following the date on which his termination of employment occurs,
including his portion, if any, of Company Contributions and forfeitures
allocated after the date of his termination of employment, adjusted for earnings
and losses, if any, which accrue to the Valuation Date immediately preceding the
date of distribution, if later. The percentage of a Member's Employer Savings
Account to which he is entitled shall be determined in accordance with the
following schedule:


                                       18
<PAGE>   23


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Percentage
          Completed Years of Vesting Service    Payable
          ----------------------------------   ----------

<S>                                            <C>
                   Less than 5 years                0%
                   5 years or more                100%
</TABLE>

         The vesting schedule set forth above shall only apply to Members who
have at least one (1) Hour of Service after December 31, 1988.

         The provisions of this Section shall be subject to the provisions of
Section 17.3 hereof, which shall be given full effect.

         10.2 Time of Payment: The amount to which a Member shall be entitled
under Section 10.1 shall be paid to him at the time and in the manner provided
in Article XV hereof.

         10.3 Forfeitures: A Member to whom Section 10.1 is applicable shall
forfeit that portion of the amount in his Individual Account to which he is not
entitled under Section 10.1 and the amount thus forfeited shall remain in the
Trust Fund and shall be allocated pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.2. A
Member who does not have any nonforfeitable right to his Individual Account
shall be deemed to have received a cashout distribution pursuant to Section 15.3
hereof, and shall forfeit the amount in such Individual Account in the Plan Year
in which his termination of employment occurs.

         10.4 Forfeiture for Cause: In the event a Member who has not completed
at least five (5) years of Vesting Service is discharged due to his dishonest or
criminal act (proven by conclusive evidence to the unanimous satisfaction of the
Committee) or due to embezzlement, fraud, or dishonesty against and damaging to
the Company whereby the reasons for such discharge are confirmed by resolution
of the board of directors or other governing authority of the Company, the
entire amount credited to the benefit of such Member in his Company Matching
Contribution Account shall be forfeited and neither he nor his Beneficiary shall
be


                                       19
<PAGE>   24


entitled to any benefit hereunder with respect to such amounts. Likewise, any
amounts credited, but not distributed, to the Employer Savings Account of a
former Member who has not completed at least five (5) years of Vesting Service
shall be forfeited upon the discovery of any embezzlement, fraud or dishonesty
of such former Member against and damaging to the Company. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event the Plan is top-heavy for any Plan Year pursuant to
Section 19.2 hereof, the provisions of Section 19.4 shall supersede this Section
10.4 and shall be controlling for all purposes hereunder.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  Withdrawals

         11.1 Withdrawals:

                  (a) Nondeductible and Deductible Contribution Accounts.
         Effective as of any Valuation Date, a Member may, upon prior written
         notice to the Committee within the time period established by the
         Committee for such elections, elect to withdraw from his Nondeductible
         and Deductible Contribution Accounts any or all of the balance thereof,
         as of such Valuation Date. If a Member timely elects such a withdrawal,
         distribution shall be made as soon as practicable following such
         Valuation Date.

                  (b) Employer Savings Account. Subject to the requirements of
         Section 18.11 hereof, on or after the date on which he attains Normal
         Retirement Age, a Member who remains employed by the Company or any
         Eligible Affiliate shall have the right at any one time prior to the
         close of any Plan Year to elect in writing, within the time period
         established by the Committee for such elections, to withdraw all, but
         not less than all, of his vested interest (determined pursuant to
         Section 10.1 hereof, without regard to Articles VII, VIII or IX hereof,
         as if he had terminated his employment as of the end of such Plan Year
         for a reason other than Disability, Retirement or death) in his
         Employer Savings Account as of the end of such Plan Year. A Member who
         makes an election under this subsection (b) shall be entitled to have
         credited to his Employer Savings Account his allocable share of the
         Company Contributions and forfeitures for the Plan Year in which the
         election is made. An electing Member's vested interest shall be
         distributed to him in one lump sum within ninety (90) days after the
         close of the Plan Year in which such election is made, or, if later,
         the date as of which the value of the Member's Employer Savings Account
         is finally determined. Partial payment may be made, however, prior to
         that date in the sole and absolute discretion of the Committee;
         provided, however, in no event shall any partial payment be made if
         full payment would be made to the Member in more than one taxable year.
         A Member who makes an election under this subsection (b) shall be
         prohibited from participating further in the Plan (and no Company
         Contributions or forfeitures shall be allocated to his Employer Savings
         Account) until the first day of


                                       20
<PAGE>   25


         the first Plan Year beginning one year after the end of the Plan Year
         in which the Member's election under this subsection (b) was made.

                                  ARTICLE XII

                          Investment of the Trust Fund

         12.1 [deleted]:

         12.2 Member Direction of Investment: Each Member shall have the right
to direct the Committee to instruct the Trustee to invest any whole percentage,
up to one hundred percent (100%), of such Member's current Company Contributions
and forfeitures in one or more of such investment media as the Committee may
designate from time to time. The Committee shall be authorized at any time and
from time to time to modify, alter, delete or add to the funds available for
investment at the direction of a Member. In the event a modification occurs, the
Committee shall notify those Members whom the Committee, in its sole and
absolute discretion, determines are affected by the change, and shall give such
persons such additional time as is determined by the Committee to designate the
manner and percentage in which amounts invested in those funds thereby affected
shall be invested.

         The Committee shall not be obligated to substitute funds of similar
investment criteria for existing funds, nor shall it be obligated to continue
the types of investments presently available to the Members. Nothing contained
herein shall constitute any action by the Committee as a direction of investment
of the assets or an attempt to control such direction.

         Any Member, on or before his entry into the Plan, within the time
period established by the Committee, may designate the manner and the percentage
in which the Member desires the Trustee to invest his current Company
Contributions and forfeitures, pursuant to the provisions set forth above, which
designation shall continue in effect until revoked or modified by the Member. If
a Member fails to designate the investment of his current Company Contributions


                                       21
<PAGE>   26


and forfeitures on or before his entry into the Plan, or if a Member wishes to
change such designation, the Member may make such designation or change, within
the time period established by the Committee, to become effective for all such
future contributions and forfeitures, and such designation or change shall
continue in effect until revoked by the Member in accordance with this Plan.

         In the event the nature of any fund shall, in the opinion of the
Committee, change, then the Committee shall notify those Members who the
Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines are affected by the
change, who shall have a reasonable period of time, s determined by the
Committee, to designate the manner and the percentages in which amounts invested
in those funds affected by the change shall be invested.

         Any amounts not directed by a Member for investment shall be invested
in the fund or funds designated by the Committee, in its sole and absolute
discretion. The provisions of this Section 12.2 shall be subject to such
administrative rules as may be established by the Committee. All investment
designations shall be made in the manner prescribed by the Committee.

         The Committee shall maintain separate subaccounts in the name of each
Member within his Individual Account to reflect such Member's accrued benefit
attributable to his directed investment in the above investment media.

         12.3 Conversion of Investments:

                  (a) Member's Individual Account. Effective as of any Valuation
         Date, within the time period prior thereto established by the
         Committee, and subject to any restrictions on transfer imposed under
         particular investment funds, a Member may, pursuant to guidelines
         established by the Committee, direct the Committee to instruct the
         Trustee to convert any whole percentage, up to one hundred percent
         (100%), of the amount in such Member's Individual Account which is
         invested in any of the investment media set forth in Section 12.2
         hereof into one or more other of such investment media. Such direction


                                       22
<PAGE>   27


         shall be effective as soon as practicable following the date of receipt
         by the Committee of such direction to convert.

                  (b) Conversion Directions. A direction to convert by any
         eligible Member shall be irrevocable and shall be made in the manner
         prescribed by the Committee within the time period established by the
         Committee. Any conversion of investments pursuant to this Section 12.3
         shall not affect a Member's direction of investments with respect to
         his future contributions and forfeitures pursuant to Section 12.2.

                  (c) Direction of Spouse. If a Member's spouse who is not a
         Member in this Plan acquires an interest in a Member's Individual
         Account pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, then the
         Member's spouse may direct the Committee to convert the investment of
         the interest to which such spouse is thus entitled in the same manner
         and at the same time as the Member may direct a conversion of
         investments, as provided above. If such spouse becomes a Member of the
         Plan, the spouse shall be entitled to convert such investments in
         accordance with the rights of Members in the Plan.

                  If such spouse becomes a Member of the Plan, the spouse shall
         be entitled to convert such investments in accordance with the rights
         of Members in the Plan.

                  (d) Miscellaneous. The Committee is authorized to establish
         such other rules and regulations, including adding additional times to
         convert investments, as it determines are necessary to carry out the
         provisions of Sections 12.2 and 12.3, the specific dates of conversion
         to be determined by the Committee, and all earnings on the Member's
         investments after such dates shall be allocated in accordance with the
         Member's Employer Savings Account, as adjusted on such dates. The
         Committee shall be authorized to modify the allocations of earnings,
         provided such change is made on a reasonable and nondiscriminatory
         basis.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

                                 Administration

                  13.1 Appointment of Committee: The Plan shall be administered
         by a Committee consisting of at least three or more persons who shall
         be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the board of directors of
         the Company. All usual and reasonable expenses of the Committee shall
         be paid by the Trustee out of the principal or income of the Trust and,
         to the extent not so paid, shall be paid by the Company. The members of
         the Committee shall not receive compensation with respect to their
         services for the Committee. The members of the Committee may serve
         without bond or security for the performance of their duties hereunder
         unless


                                       23
<PAGE>   28


         applicable law makes the furnishing of such bond or security mandatory
         or unless required by the Company. Any member of the Committee may
         resign by delivering his written resignation to the Company and to the
         other members of the Committee.

                  13.2 Committee Powers and Duties: The Committee shall have
         such powers as may be necessary to discharge its duties hereunder,
         including, but not by way of limitation, the following powers and
         duties:

                  (a) to construe and interpret the Plan, decide all questions
         of eligibility and determine the amount, manner and time of payment of
         any benefits hereunder;

                  (b) to prescribe procedures to be followed by distributees in
         obtaining benefits;

                  (c) to make a determination as to the right of any person to a
         benefit and to afford any person dissatisfied with such determination
         the right to a hearing thereon;

                  (d) to receive from the Company, Eligible Affiliates, and from
         Members such information as shall be necessary for the proper
         administration of the Plan;

                  (e) to delegate to one or more of the members of the Committee
         the right to act in its behalf in all matters connected with the
         administration of the Plan and Trust;

                  (f) to receive and review reports of the financial condition
         and of the receipts and disbursements of the Trust Fund from the
         Trustee;

                  (g) to appoint or employ for the Plan any agents it deems
         advisable, including, but not limited to, legal counsel; and

                  (h) to take any and all further actions from time to time as
         the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall deem
         necessary for the proper administration of the Plan.

         The Committee shall have no power to add to, subtract from or modify
any of the terms of the Plan, nor to change or add to any benefits provided by
the Plan, nor to waive or fail to apply any requirements of eligibility for
benefits under the Plan. The Committee shall have full and absolute discretion
in the exercise of each and every aspect of its authority under this Plan,
including without limitation, all of the rights, powers and authorities
specified in this Section 13.2 and, if applicable, in Section 13.3 hereof.


                                       24
<PAGE>   29


         A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business. No action of the Committee shall be taken
except upon a majority vote of the Committee members, other than as described in
subparagraph (e) above. An individual shall not vote or decide upon any matter
relating solely to himself or vote in any case in which his individual right or
claim to any benefit under the Plan is particularly involved. If, in any case in
which a Committee member is so disqualified to act, and the remaining members
cannot agree, the board of directors of the Company will appoint a temporary
substitute member to exercise all the powers of the disqualified member
concerning the matter in which he is disqualified.

         13.3 Duties and Powers of the Plan Administrator: The Plan
Administrator shall have such powers as may be necessary to discharge his duties
hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation, the following powers and
duties:

                  (a) to file with the Secretary of Labor the annual report,
         plan description, summary plan description, and other pertinent
         documents which may be requested by the Secretary;

                  (b) to file with the Secretary of Labor such terminal and
         supplementary reports as may be necessary in the event of the
         termination of the Plan;

                  (c) to furnish each Member, former Member and each Beneficiary
         receiving benefits hereunder a summary plan description explaining the
         Plan;

                  (d) to furnish any Member, former Member or Beneficiary, who
         requests in writing, statements indicating such Member's, former
         Member's or Beneficiary's total accrued benefits and nonforfeitable
         benefits, if any;

                  (e) to furnish to a Member a statement containing information
         contained in a registration statement required by Section 6057(a)(2) of
         the Code;

                  (f) to maintain all records necessary for verification of
         information required to be filed with the Secretary of Labor;

                  (g) to allocate the assets of the Plan available to provide
         benefits to Members in the event the Plan should terminate; and

                  (h) to report to the Trustee all available information
         regarding the amount of benefits payable to each Member, the
         computations with respect to the allocation of


                                       25
<PAGE>   30


         assets, and any other information which the Trustee may require in
         order to terminate the Plan.

         13.4 Rules and Decisions: The Committee may adopt such rules as it
deems necessary or desirable. All rules and decisions of the Committee shall be
uniformly and consistently applied to all Employees in similar circumstances.
The Committee is required to provide a notice in writing to any person whose
claim for benefits under the Plan has been denied, setting forth the specific
reasons for such denial. The Committee shall adopt rules or procedures to carry
out the intent of this Section and to provide a basis for a full and fair review
by the Committee of the decision denying the claim and provide such person with
an opportunity to supply any evidence he has to sustain the claim.

         13.5 Committee Procedures: The Committee may adopt such bylaws as it
deems desirable. The Committee shall elect one of its members as chairman. The
Committee shall advise the Trustee of such election in writing. The Committee
shall keep a record of all meetings and forward all necessary communications to
the Trustee.

         13.6 Authorization of Benefit Payments: The Committee shall issue
directions to the Trustee concerning all benefits which are to be paid from the
Trust Fund pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Committee shall keep on
file, in such manner as it may deem convenient or proper, all reports from the
Trustee.

         13.7 Payment of Expenses: All expenses incident to the administration,
termination or protection of the Plan and Trust, including but not limited to,
actuarial, legal, accounting, and Trustee's fees, shall be paid by the Trustee
from the Trust Fund and, until paid, shall constitute a first and prior claim
and lien against the Trust Fund. To the extent such expenses are not paid by the
Trustee from the Trust Fund, they shall be paid by the Company.


                                       26
<PAGE>   31


         13.8 Indemnification of Members of the Committee: The Company shall, to
the maximum extent permitted under the Company's bylaws, indemnify the members
of the Committee against liability or loss sustained by them by an act or
failure to act in their capacity as members of the Committee.

                                  ARTICLE XIV

                                    Notices

         14.1 Notice to Trustee: As soon as practicable after a Member ceases to
be in the employ of the Company for any of the reasons set forth in Articles VII
through X, inclusive, the Committee shall give written notice to the Trustee,
which notice shall include such of the following information and directions as
are necessary or advisable under the circumstances:

                  (a) name and address of the Member;

                  (b) name and address of the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries in
         case of a Member's death;

                  (c) amount to which Member is entitled in case of termination
         of employment pursuant to Article X; and

                  (d) manner and amount of payments to be made pursuant to
         Article XV.

         If a former Member dies, the Committee shall give a like notice to the
Trustee, but only if the Committee learns of his death.

         14.2 Subsequent Notices: At any time and from time to time after giving
the notice as provided for in Section 14.1, the Committee may modify such
original notice or any subsequent notice by means of a further written notice or
notices to the Trustee; but, any action theretofore taken or payments
theretofore made by the Trustee pursuant to a prior notice shall not be affected
by a subsequent notice.

         14.3 Reliance upon Notice: Upon receipt of any notice as provided in
this Article, the Trustee shall promptly take whatever action and make whatever
payments are called for therein,


                                       27
<PAGE>   32


it being intended that the Trustee may rely upon the information and directions
in such notice absolutely and without question. However, the Trustee may call to
the attention of the Committee any error or oversight which the Trustee believes
to exist in any notice.

                                   ARTICLE XV

                                Benefit Payments

         15.1 Method of Payment: As soon as practicable after a Member, former
Member or Beneficiary is entitled to receive benefits hereunder, as provided in
Articles VII, VIII, IX or X and this Article XV, the Committee shall give
written notice to the Trustee. Such benefits shall be paid to the Member, former
Member or his Beneficiary in a lump sum. Any benefit payable hereunder will be
paid in cash or in whole shares of Common Stock, as elected by the Member,
former Member or Beneficiary; provided, however, that such benefit shall in any
event be paid in whole shares of Common Stock to the extent that such Member's,
former Member's or Beneficiary's Individual Account is invested in Common Stock,
pursuant to Article XII hereof. Any fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
converted to, and paid, in cash.

         15.2 Time of Payment: Distribution of a Member's benefits shall
commence as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event later than one
(1) year, after the Valuation Date coincident with or immediately following the
date on which a Member, former Member or Beneficiary shall become entitled to
receive a benefit hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
nonforfeitable portion of a Member's or former Member's Individual Account
exceeds (or at the time of any prior distribution exceeded) Three Thousand Five
Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($3,500.00) in Plan Years beginning prior to January
1, 1998, or Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($5,000.00) for Plan Years
beginning on or after January 1, 1998, no distributions may commence without the
consent of the Member or former Member until he


                                       28
<PAGE>   33


attains age sixty-two (62). The Committee shall notify the Member or former
Member of the right to defer any distribution until the date on which he attains
age sixty-two (62). Such notification shall be provided no less than thirty (30)
days and no more than ninety (90) days prior to the annuity starting date. The
annuity starting date is the first day of the first period for which a benefit
is paid hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the consent of the Member or
former Member shall not be required to the extent that a distribution is
required to satisfy Section 415 of the Code. In addition, upon termination of
this Plan, if the Plan does not then offer an annuity option, the Member's or
former Member's Individual Account may, without his consent, be distributed to
the Member or former Member or transferred to another defined contribution plan
maintained by an Affiliate.

         Distributions shall be made no later than the required beginning date,
which, effective January 1, 1997, is April 1st of the calendar year following
the later of: (a) the calendar year in which a Member attains age 70 1/2, or (b)
the calendar year in which a Member retires; provided that if a Member is a Five
Percent (5%) Owner (as such term is defined in Section 19.1 hereof), then the
required beginning date is April 1st of the calendar year following the calendar
year in which such Member attains age 70 1/2. Subject to the provisions of
Section 18.11 hereof, distribution of the entire Individual Account of a Member
who attains age 70 1/2 on or after September 15, 2000 shall be made in a single
lump sum on or before such Member's required beginning date.

         In the case of a Member who is a Five Percent (5%) Owner, subject to
the requirements of Section 18.11 hereof, the minimum installment distribution
required for the calendar year immediately preceding such Member's required
beginning date must be made on or before his required beginning date, and the
minimum installment distribution for other calendar years,


                                       29
<PAGE>   34


including the minimum installment distribution for the calendar year in which
the Member's required beginning date occurs, must be made on or before December
31 of such calendar year. All minimum distributions required under this Article
XV shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Treasury
Regulations under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code, including the minimum
distribution incidental benefit requirement of Section 1.401(a)(9)2 of the
Treasury Regulations. Neither the life expectancy of the Member nor that of his
spouse may be recalculated for purposes of determining minimum distributions. If
minimum distributions have commenced to a Five Percent (5%) Owner, such that
payments are being made over the life expectancy of the Member, and he dies
before his entire interest has been distributed, then the remaining portion of
such interest shall be distributed at least as rapidly as under the method of
distribution being used as of the date of his death, but in no event later than
one (1) year after the Valuation Date coincident with or immediately following
his death. On the other hand, if such Member dies before the distribution of any
of his benefits has begun, then his entire interest will be distributed no later
than one (1) year after the Valuation Date coincident with or immediately
following his death. If the designated Beneficiary is such Member's surviving
spouse and such surviving spouse dies after the Member, but before payments to
such surviving spouse begin, then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall
be applied as if the surviving spouse were the Member. Furthermore, if the
designated Beneficiary is the surviving spouse of the Member, then distributions
to such surviving spouse will not be required to begin earlier than the later
of: (a) December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year
of the Member's death and (b) December 31 of the calendar year in which the
Member would have attained age 70 1/2. Distribution of benefits is considered to
have begun, for purposes of this paragraph, on the required beginning date;
provided that if such Member's designated Beneficiary is his surviving


                                       30
<PAGE>   35


spouse, and such surviving spouse dies after the Member but before payments to
such surviving spouse have begun, then distribution of benefits is considered to
have begun on the date distribution to the surviving spouse is required to begin
pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph. Any amount paid to the child of
such Member will be treated as if it had been paid to the surviving spouse if
the amount becomes payable when the child reaches the age of majority.

         In the case of a Member who attains age 70 1/2 prior to September 15,
2000, subject to the requirements of Section 18.11 hereof, such Member shall
continue to be eligible to receive any benefits commencing after such Member has
attained age 70 1/2 and prior to April 1 of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which such Member attains age 70 1/2 in the form of minimum
installment distributions under the rules of the preceding paragraph.

         Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, any Member who
attains age 70 1/2 in a calendar year after 1995 and prior to September 15,
2000, may irrevocably elect, in the manner established by the Committee, by
April 1 of the calendar year following the year in which the Member attains age
70 1/2 (or by December 31, 1997 in the case of a Member who attains age 70 1/2
in 1996) to defer distributions until April 1 of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which the Member retires. If no such election is made, the
Member will begin receiving distributions by April 1 of the calendar year
following the year in which the Member attains age 70 1/2 (or by December 31,
1997 in the case of a Member who attains age 70 1/2 in 1996). Furthermore, any
Member who attains age 70 1/2 in a calendar year prior to 1996 may irrevocably
elect, in the manner established by the Committee, to stop distributions and
recommence distributions as of April 1 of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which such Member retires. In such event, there shall be no new
annuity starting date upon such recommencement.


                                       31
<PAGE>   36


         Unless a Member or former Member elects otherwise, in writing, no
distribution hereunder shall start later than 60 days after the close of the
Plan Year in which the last to occur of the following occurs:

                  (a) the Member or former Member attains Normal Retirement Age,

                  (b) the 10th anniversary of the year in which the Member or
         former Member commenced participation in the Plan, or

                  (c) the Member or former Member terminates service with the
         Company.

         15.3 Cash Out Distribution: If a Member or former Member who has
received a distribution of his benefits hereunder on or before the last day of
the second Plan Year following the year in which his termination of employment
occurs has forfeited a portion of his Individual Account, then in the event such
Member or former Member is subsequently rehired by the Company or an Eligible
Affiliate prior to the date on which he incurs five (5) consecutive Breaks in
Service, he shall be entitled to repay, at any time prior to the earlier of: (i)
the date which is five (5) years after the first date on which he is
subsequently reemployed by the Company or Eligible Affiliate and (ii) the date
on which he incurs five (5) consecutive Breaks in Service, the amount of the
distribution to him from his Individual Account. Upon such repayment, the
rehired Member's or former Member's Individual Account shall be credited with
the exact amount which was nonvested at the time of termination. In the event a
rehired Member or former Member who has received a distribution hereunder does
not timely repay such distribution from his Individual Account, as provided
above, then the amount he forfeited at the time of his termination of employment
pursuant to the terms of Section 10.3 hereof shall remain forfeited. His prior
years of Vesting Service shall be taken into account, however, for purposes of
determining his vested interest in contributions following reemployment. If a
Member or former Member who does not have any nonforfeitable right to his
Individual Account and thus is


                                       32
<PAGE>   37


deemed to have received a cashout distribution, pursuant to the provisions of
Section 10.3 hereof, is subsequently reemployed by the Company or an Eligible
Affiliate and five (5) consecutive Breaks in Service have not occurred, then
upon such reemployment, the rehired Member's or former Member's Individual
Account shall be credited with the exact amount which was nonvested at the time
of termination.

         15.4 Minority or Disability Payments: During the minority or Disability
of any person entitled to receive benefits hereunder, the Committee may direct
the Trustee to make payments due such person directly to him or to his spouse or
a relative or to any individual or institution having custody of such person.
Neither the Committee nor the Trustee shall be required to see to the
application of payments so made, and the receipt of the payee (including the
endorsement of a check or checks) shall be conclusive as to all interested
parties.

         15.5 Distributions Under Domestic Relations Orders: Nothing contained
in this Plan shall prevent the Trustee, in accordance with the direction of the
Committee, from complying with the provisions of a qualified domestic relations
order (as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code). Effective July 20, 2000, the
Plan specifically permits distribution to an alternate payee under a qualified
domestic relations order at any time, irrespective of whether the Member or
former Member has attained his earliest retirement age under the Plan, as
defined in Section 414(p) of the Code; provided, however, that a distribution to
an alternate payee prior to the Member or former Member's attainment of earliest
retirement age is available only if: (1) the order specifies distribution at
that time or permits an agreement between the Plan and the alternate payee to
authorize an earlier distribution; (2) the order specifies such distribution to
be in the form of a single, lump-sum payment; and (3) if the amount to which the
alternate payee is entitled under the Plan exceeds $5,000, and the order so
requires, the alternate payee consents to


                                       33
<PAGE>   38


any distribution occurring prior to the Member or former Member's attainment of
earliest retirement age. Nothing in this Section 15.5 gives a Member or former
Member a right to receive distribution at a time otherwise not permitted under
the Plan nor does it permit the alternate payee to receive a form of payment not
otherwise permitted under the Plan.

         The Plan Administrator shall establish reasonable procedures to
determine the qualified status of a domestic relations order. Upon receiving a
domestic relations order, the Plan Administrator shall promptly notify the
Member or former Member and any alternate payee named in the order, in writing,
of the receipt of the order and the Plan's procedures for determining the
qualified status of the order. Within a reasonable period of time after
receiving the domestic relations order, the Plan Administrator shall determine
the qualified status of the order and shall notify the Member or former Member
and each alternate payee, in writing, of its determination. The Plan
Administrator shall provide notice under this paragraph by mailing to the
individual's address specified in the domestic relations order, or in a manner
consistent with Department of Labor regulations. The Plan Administrator may
treat as qualified any domestic relations order entered prior to January 1,
1985, irrespective of whether it satisfies all the requirements described in
Section 414(p) of the Code.

         If any portion of an Individual Account is payable during the period
the Plan Administrator is making its determination of the qualified status of
the domestic relations order, the Committee shall direct the Trustee to
segregate the amounts that are payable into a separate account and to invest the
segregated account solely in fixed income investments. If the Plan Administrator
determines the order is a qualified domestic relations order within eighteen
(18) months of receiving the order, the Committee shall direct the Trustee to
distribute the segregated account in accordance with the order. If the Plan
Administrator does not make its determination


                                       34
<PAGE>   39


of the qualified status of the order within eighteen (18) months after receiving
the order, the Committee shall direct the Trustee to distribute the segregated
account in the manner in which the Plan would otherwise distribute if the order
did not exist and shall apply the order prospectively if the Plan Administrator
later determines the order is a qualified domestic relations order.

         To the extent it is not inconsistent with the provisions of the
qualified domestic relations order, the Committee may direct the Trustee to
invest any amount that is subject to being paid to an alternate payee pursuant
to said order into a segregated subaccount or separate account and to invest the
account in federally insured, interest-bearing savings account(s) or time
deposit(s) (or a combination of both), or in other fixed income investments. A
segregated subaccount shall remain a part of the Trust, but it alone shall share
in any income it earns, and it alone shall bear any expense or loss it incurs.

         The Trustee shall make any payments or distributions required under
this Section 15.5 by separate benefit checks or other separate distribution to
the alternate payee(s).

         15.6 Direct Rollover of Eligible Rollover Distributions: An individual
who is entitled to a benefit hereunder, the distribution of which would qualify
as an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in Section 401(a)(31)(C) of the
Code) may, in lieu of receiving any payment or payments from the Plan, direct
the Trustee to transfer all or any of such payment or payments or any portion
directly to the trustee of one or more eligible retirement plans (as defined in
Section 401(a)(31)(D) of the Code). Such election must be made on a form
provided by the Committee for that purpose and received by the Committee no
later than the date established by the Committee preceding the date on which the
distribution is to occur. Any election made pursuant to this Section 15.6 may be
revoked at any time prior to the date established by the Committee


                                       35
<PAGE>   40


preceding the date on which the distribution is to occur. If an individual who
is so entitled has not elected a direct rollover within the time and in the
manner set forth above, such distributee shall be deemed to have affirmatively
waived a direct rollover. A distributee who wishes to elect a direct rollover
shall provide to the Committee, within the time and in the manner prescribed by
the Committee, such information as the Committee shall reasonably request
regarding the eligible retirement plan or plans to which the payment or payments
are to be transferred. The Committee shall be entitled to rely on the
information so provided, and shall not be required to independently verify such
information. The Committee shall be entitled to delay the transfer of any
payment or payments pursuant to this Section 15.6 until it has received all of
the information which it has requested in accordance with this Section 15.6.

                                  ARTICLE XVI

                                    Trustee

         16.1 Appointment of Trustee: A Trustee (or Trustees) shall be appointed
by the Committee to administer the Trust Fund. The Trustee shall serve at the
pleasure of the Committee and shall have such rights, powers and duties as are
provided to a Trustee under ERISA for the investment of assets and for the
administration of the Trust Fund.

     16.2 Appointment of Investment Manager: An Investment Manager (or
Investment Managers) may be appointed by the Committee to manage (including the
power to acquire and dispose of) any part or all of the assets of the Trust
Fund. The Investment Manager shall serve at the pleasure of the Committee, and
shall have the rights, powers and duties provided to a named fiduciary under
ERISA for the investment of the assets assigned to it. (The Investment Manager
may be referred to from time to time hereafter as "he," "they," or "it," or may
be referred to in


                                       36
<PAGE>   41


the singular or plural, but all such references shall be to the then acting
Investment Manager or Investment Managers serving hereunder.)

         16.3 Responsibility of Trustee and Investment Manager: All
contributions under this Plan shall be paid to and held by the Trustee. The
Trustee shall have responsibility for the investment and reinvestment of the
Trust Fund except with respect to the management of those assets specifically
delegated to the Investment Manager and those funds invested pursuant to the
provisions of Section 15.5. The Investment Manager shall have exclusive
management and control of the investment and/or reinvestment of the assets of
the Trust Fund assigned to it in writing by the Trustee. All property and funds
of the Trust Fund, including income from investments and from all other sources,
shall be retained for the exclusive benefit of Members or former Members, as
provided herein, and shall be used to pay benefits to Members or former Members
or their Beneficiaries, or to pay expenses of administration of the Plan and
Trust Fund to the extent not paid by the Company.

         This Plan and the related Trust are intended to allocate to each
fiduciary the individual responsibilities of the prudent execution of the
functions assigned to each. None of the allocated responsibilities or any other
responsibility shall be shared by the fiduciaries or the Trustee unless such
sharing shall be provided for by a specific provision in this Plan or related
Trust.

         16.4 Bonding of Trustee and Investment Manager: Neither the Trustee nor
the Investment Manager shall be required to furnish any bond or security for the
performance of their powers and duties hereunder unless the applicable law makes
the furnishing of such bond or security mandatory.


                                       37
<PAGE>   42


                                  ARTICLE XVII

                       Amendment and Termination of Plan

         17.1 Amendment of Plan: The Company may, without the assent of any
other party, make from time to time any amendment or amendments to this Plan
which do not cause any part of the Trust Fund to be used for, or diverted to,
any purpose other than the exclusive benefit of Members or former Members of the
Plan. Any such amendment shall be by a written instrument executed by the
Company, and shall become effective as of the date specified in such instrument.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment to the Plan shall be effective to
the extent that it has the effect of decreasing a Member's or former Member's
accrued benefit, except as provided in Section 412(c)(8) of the Code. For
purposes of the preceding sentence, an amendment which has the effect of
decreasing a Member's or former Member's Individual Account or eliminating an
optional form of benefit, with respect to benefits attributable to service prior
to such amendment shall be treated as reducing an accrued benefit. If any
amendment changes the vesting schedules set forth in Sections 10.1 or 19.4, then
a Member's or former Member's nonforfeitable percentage in his Individual
Account because of a change to the vesting schedule shall not be less than his
nonforfeitable percentage computed under the vesting schedule in effect prior to
the amendment. Furthermore, if any amendment changes the vesting schedules set
forth in Sections 10.1 or 19.4, then each Member or former Member having at
least three (3) Years of Vesting Service may elect to be governed under the
vesting schedules set forth in the Plan without regard to the amendment. The
Member or former Member must file his written election with the Committee within
sixty (60) days after receipt of a copy of the amendment. The Committee shall
furnish the Member or former Member with a copy of the amendment and with notice
of the time within which his election must be returned to the Committee.


                                       38
<PAGE>   43


         17.2 Termination of Plan: The Company may at any time, effective as
specified, terminate the Plan by resolution of its board of directors. A
certified copy of such resolution shall be delivered to the Trustee.

         17.3 Complete Discontinuance of Contributions: In the event the Company
decides it is impossible or inadvisable for it to continue to make its
contributions as provided in Article IV, it shall have the power by appropriate
resolution to either:

                  (a) discontinue its contributions to the Plan; or

                  (b) terminate the Plan.

A complete discontinuance of contributions by the Company shall not constitute a
formal termination of the Plan and shall not preclude later contributions, but
all Individual Accounts of Members or former Members not theretofore fully
vested shall be and become 100% vested and nonforfeitable in the respective
Members or former Members, irrespective of the provisions of Sections 10.1 or
19.4. In such event, Employees who become eligible to enter the Plan subsequent
to the discontinuance shall receive no benefit, and no additional benefits shall
accrue to any of such Employees unless such contributions are resumed. After the
date of a complete discontinuance of contributions, the Trust shall remain in
existence as provided in this Section 17.3, and the provisions of the Plan and
Trust shall remain in force as may be necessary in the sole and absolute
discretion of the Committee.

         17.4 Liquidation of Trust Fund: Upon termination or partial termination
of the Plan, the Individual Accounts of all Members, former Members and
Beneficiaries shall thereupon be and become fully vested and nonforfeitable.
Thereupon, the Trustee shall convert the Trust Fund to cash after deducting all
charges and expenses. The Committee shall then adjust the balances of all
Individual Accounts, as provided in Section 5.2. Thereafter, the Trustee shall
distribute the


                                       39
<PAGE>   44


amount to the credit of each affected Member, former Member and Beneficiary, in
accordance with the provisions of Article XV hereof.

         17.5 Consolidation or Merger: This Plan shall not be merged or
consolidated with, nor shall any assets or liabilities be transferred to, any
other plan, unless the benefits payable on behalf of each Member or former
Member if the Plan were terminated immediately after such action would be equal
to or greater than the benefits to which such Member or former Member would have
been entitled if this Plan had been terminated immediately before such action.
The Trustee shall not accept a direct transfer of assets from a plan subject to
the requirements of Section 417 of the Code.

                                 ARTICLE XVIII

                               General Provisions

         18.1 No Employment Contract: Nothing contained in this Plan shall be
construed as giving any person whomsoever any legal or equitable right against
the Committee, the Company, its stockholders, officers or directors or against
the Trustee, except as the same shall be specifically provided for in this Plan.
Nor shall anything in this Plan give any Member, former Member or other Employee
the right to be retained in the service of the Company or an Eligible Affiliate
and the employment of all persons by the Company or an Eligible Affiliate shall
remain subject to termination by the Company or such Eligible Affiliate to the
same extent as if this Plan had never been executed.

         18.2 Manner of Payment: Wherever and whenever it is herein provided for
payments or distributions to be made, whether in money or otherwise, said
payments or distributions shall be made directly into the hands of the Member or
former Member, his Beneficiary, his administrator, executor or guardian, or an
alternate payee pursuant to Section 15.5 herein, as the


                                       40
<PAGE>   45


case may be. A deposit to the credit of a person entitled to payment in any bank
or trust company selected by such person shall be deemed payment into his hands,
and provided further that in the event any person otherwise entitled to receive
any payment or distribution shall be a minor or an incompetent, such payment or
distribution may be made to his guardian or other person as may be determined by
the Committee.

         18.3 Nonalienation of Benefits: Subject to Code Section 414(p) and
Section 15.5 herein relating to qualified domestic relations orders, the
interest of any Member, former Member or Beneficiary hereunder shall not be
subject in any manner to any indebtedness, judgment, process, creditors' bills,
attachments, garnishment, levy, execution, seizure or receivership, nor shall
such interest be in any manner reduced or affected by any transfer, assignment,
conveyance, sale, encumbrance, act, omission, or mishap, voluntary or
incidental, anticipatory or otherwise, of or to said Member, former Member or
Beneficiary, and they and any of them shall have no right or power to transfer,
convey, assign, sell or encumber said benefits and their interest therein, legal
or equitable, during the existence of this Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no provision of this Plan shall preclude the enforcement of a Federal tax levy
made pursuant to Section 6331 of the Code or collection by the United States on
a judgment resulting from an unpaid tax assessment.

         18.4 Titles for Convenience Only: Titles of the Articles and Sections
hereof are for convenience only and shall not be considered in construing this
Plan. Also words used in the singular or the plural may be construed as though
in the plural or singular where they would so apply.

         18.5 Validity of Plan: This Plan and each of its provisions shall be
construed and their validity determined by the laws of the State of Texas, and
all provisions hereof shall be


                                       41
<PAGE>   46


administered in accordance with the laws of said State, provided that in case of
conflict, the provisions of ERISA shall control.

         18.6 Plan Binding: This Plan shall be binding upon the successors and
assigns of the Company and the Trustee and upon the heirs and personal
representatives of those individuals who become Members hereunder.

         18.7 Return of Contributions: This Plan and the related Trust are
designed to qualify under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code. Anything
contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if the initial determination
letter is issued by the District Director of Internal Revenue to the effect that
this Plan and related Trust hereby created, or as amended prior to the receipt
of such letter, do not meet the requirements of Section 401(a) and 501(a) of the
Code, the Company shall be entitled at its option to withdraw all contributions
theretofore made, in which event the Plan and Trust shall then terminate.

         Each contribution to the Plan is specifically conditioned on the
deductibility of such contribution under the Code. The Trustee, upon written
request from the Company, shall return to the Company the amount of the
Company's contribution made as a result of a mistake of fact or the amount of
the Company's contribution disallowed as a deduction under Section 404 of the
Code. Such return of contribution must be made within one (1) year after (a) the
Company made the contribution by mistake of fact or (b) the disallowance of the
contribution as a deduction. The amount of contribution subject to being
returned hereunder shall not be increased by any earnings attributable to the
contribution, but such amount subject to being returned shall be decreased by
any losses attributable to it.

         18.8 Missing Members or Beneficiaries: Each Member shall file with the
Committee from time to time in writing a mailing address and any change of
mailing address for himself and


                                       42
<PAGE>   47


his designated Beneficiary. Any communication, statement or notice addressed to
a Member or Beneficiary at the last mailing address filed with the Committee, or
if no such address is filed with the Committee, then at his last mailing address
as shown on the Company's records, shall be binding on the Member or his
Beneficiary for all purposes of the Plan. The Committee shall not be required to
search for or locate a Member or Beneficiary. If the Committee notifies any
Member or Beneficiary that he is entitled to a distribution and also notifies
him of the provisions of this Section 18.8 (or makes reasonable effort to so
notify such Member or Beneficiary by certified letter, return receipt requested,
to the last known address, or such other further diligent effort, including
consultation with the Internal Revenue Service or the Social Security
Administration, to ascertain the whereabouts of such Member or Beneficiary as
the Committee deems appropriate) and the Member or Beneficiary fails to claim
his distributive share or make his whereabouts known to the Committee within
three years thereafter, the distributive share of such Member or Beneficiary
will be forfeited and reallocated according to Section 6.2. However, if the
Member or his Beneficiary should, thereafter, make a proper claim for such
share, it shall be distributed to him.

         18.9 Voting Rights:

                  (a) Each Member shall be entitled to direct the Trustee as to
         the manner in which any Common Stock allocated to said Member's
         Accounts shall be voted. The Committee shall furnish to each Member a
         proxy adequate for such purpose. The Trustee shall vote specifically in
         accordance with each Member's instructions to the extent of such
         Member's whole shares and shall, to the extent possible, vote the
         combined fractional shares of such Members in such manner as to reflect
         the Members' expressed desires. To the extent permitted under ERISA,
         the Trustee shall vote shares of Common Stock with respect to which it
         does not receive instructions and shares of Common Stock which have not
         been allocated to Members' Accounts under the Plan in the same
         proportion as are voted the shares of Common Stock held under the Plan
         with respect to which instructions were received by the Trustee from
         Members.

                  (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the
         Plan, if a cash tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Common
         Stock is made, Common Stock allocated to each Member's accounts under
         the Plan shall be tendered or exchanged by


                                       43
<PAGE>   48


         the Trustee pursuant to such cash tender offer or exchange offer only
         in accordance with the written instructions and directions of such
         Member to the Trustee to so tender or exchange. If a cash tender offer
         or exchange offer for shares of Common Stock is made, the Trustee shall
         use its best efforts to take those steps reasonably necessary to
         furnish information to, and allow decision by, each Member with respect
         to such cash tender offer or exchange offer and the shares of Common
         Stock allocated to such Member's accounts under the Plan in
         substantially the same manner as would be available to holders of
         Common Stock generally, and, in that connection, the Trustee shall:

                           (1) Inform each Member as to the existence of such
                  cash tender offer or exchange offer;

                           (2) Transmit to each Member as soon as practicable
                  such written information, explanation and other materials
                  relative to such cash tender offer or exchange offer as are
                  made available by the Company or by the persons or entities
                  making such cash tender offer or exchange offer to the holders
                  of shares of Common Stock generally;

                           (3) Request detailed written instructions and
                  directions from each Member as to whether to tender or
                  exchange the shares of Common Stock allocated to such Member's
                  accounts under the Plan and as to the time and manner of such
                  tender or exchange, if so instructed and directed; and

                           (4) Use its best efforts to effect on a
                  nondiscriminatory basis the tender or exchange of Common Stock
                  held under the Plan with respect to such cash tender offer or
                  exchange offer solely in accordance with written instructions
                  and directions received from Members. If written instructions
                  or directions are not timely received from a Member, the
                  shares of Common Stock allocated to his accounts under the
                  Plan shall not be tendered or exchanged pursuant to such cash
                  tender offer or exchange offer.

                  For purposes of this subparagraph (b), the term cash tender
         offer shall include a tender offer for, or request or invitation for
         tenders of, shares of Common Stock in exchange for cash, as made to the
         Plan or to holders of shares of Common Stock generally; the term
         exchange offer shall include a tender offer for, or request or
         invitation for tenders of, any shares of Common Stock in exchange for
         any consideration other than for all cash, as made to the Plan or to
         holders of shares of Common Stock generally.

                  (c) If any shares of Common Stock held under the Plan are
         tendered or exchanged pursuant to a cash tender offer or exchange offer
         in accordance with subparagraph (b) above, any cash proceeds obtained
         by the Trustee in connection therewith shall be temporarily invested in
         such short term investments as the Trustee may determine, until such
         time as such temporarily invested cash proceeds are reinvested in
         Common Stock. Any other property obtained by the Trustee pursuant to an
         exchange offer shall be temporarily held in kind by the Trustee, until
         such time as such temporarily held property is sold and the proceeds
         therefrom are reinvested in Common Stock.


                                       44
<PAGE>   49


         18.10 Acquisition Loans. An Acquisition Loan is an installment
obligation incurred by the Trustee in connection with the purchase of Common
Stock. The Trustee may incur Acquisition Loans from time to time to finance (i)
the acquisition of Common Stock by the Trust, or (ii) the repayment of a prior
Acquisition Loan. Each Acquisition Loan shall be for a specific term, shall bear
a reasonable rate of interest, and shall not be payable on demand except in the
event of default. If the lender with respect to an Acquisition Loan is a
disqualified person, as defined in section 4975(e)(2) of the Code, the
Acquisition Loan must provide that Trust assets will be transferred upon default
only upon and to the extent of the failure of the Trust to meet the repayment
schedule of the Acquisition Loan.

                  (a) Financed Shares. Shares of Common Stock acquired by the
         Trustee with the proceeds of an Acquisition Loan shall be described as
         "Financed Shares." Except as provided in section 409(1) of the Code,
         Treas. Reg. Section 54.4975-7(b) (9) and (10), or as otherwise provided
         by applicable law, no shares acquired by the Trustee with the proceeds
         of an Acquisition Loan may be subject to a put, call or other option or
         buy-sell or similar arrangement while held by and when distributed from
         the Plan.

                  (b) Collateral. An Acquisition Loan may be secured by a
         collateral pledge of the Financed Shares so acquired and any other
         Trust assets which are a permissible security within the provisions of
         Treas. Reg. Section 54.4975-7(b). No other assets of the Trust may be
         pledged as collateral for an Acquisition Loan, and no lender shall have
         recourse against any other Trust assets.

                  (c) Loan Payment. Repayment of principal and interest on any
         Acquisition Loan shall be made by the Trustee from annual Company
         Contributions made pursuant to subsection 4.1 and, to the extent
         permitted by applicable law, may also be made from the following
         sources:

                           (i) cash dividends on Financed Shares held in the
                  Loan Suspense Account (as defined below) and earnings, if any,
                  thereon; and

                           (ii) in the event of the sale of Financed Shares, the
                  proceeds of such sale.

                  (d) Release of Financed Shares. Financed Shares shall
         initially be credited to a "Loan Suspense Account" and shall be
         transferred for allocation to the Individual Accounts of Members as
         payments are made on the Acquisition Loan by the Trustee, and any
         pledge of Financed Shares must, and shall be deemed to, provide for the
         release of shares so pledged on a consistent basis.


                                       45
<PAGE>   50


                  The number of Financed Shares to be released from the Loan
         Suspense Account for allocation to Members' Individual Accounts as of
         each Allocation Date, shall equal the number of Financed Shares held in
         the Loan Suspense Account immediately prior to such Allocation Date
         multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the
         payments of principal and interest (or principal only, if the
         requirements of the Treasury Regulations under Code Section 4975 are
         met and the Plan Administrator so elects) on the Acquisition Loan for
         the period ending on such date, and the denominator of which is equal
         to the sum of the numerator plus the total projected payments of
         principal and interest (or principal only, if the requirements of the
         Treasury Regulations under Code Section 4975 are met and the Plan
         Administrator so elects) on the Acquisition Loan over the future years
         of the Acquisition Loan.

                  (e) Allocation of Financed Shares. The released Financed
         Shares shall be allocated to the Individual Accounts of eligible
         Members in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.1 hereof.

         18.11 Preretirement Diversification Rights. If a Member attains age
fifty-five (55) and has ten (10) years of participation in the Plan (hereinafter
referred to as a "Qualified Member"), notwithstanding the provisions of Section
15.1 hereof, the following rules shall apply to any distribution made under the
Plan to or on behalf of such Qualified Member.

                  (a) Annuity Distributions to Qualified Members. The Committee
         shall direct the Trustee to distribute such Member's benefits held in a
         Qualified Member's Individual Account in the form of a qualified joint
         and survivor annuity, unless the Qualified Member has a valid waiver
         election (described in Section 18.11(b) hereof) in effect. A qualified
         joint and survivor annuity is an immediate annuity (a) which is payable
         for the life of the Qualified Member, with, if the Qualified Member is
         married on the annuity starting date, as defined below, a survivor
         annuity for the life of the Qualified Member's surviving spouse which
         is not less than fifty percent (50%) of the amount of the annuity
         payable during the joint lives of the Qualified Member and his spouse,
         and (b) which is the actuarial equivalent of a single annuity for the
         life of the Qualified Member. On or before the annuity starting date
         (the first day of the first period for which the Qualified Member would
         receive an amount as an annuity or in any other form), the Committee
         shall direct the Trustee to pay the Qualified Member's benefits in a
         lump sum, in lieu of a qualified joint and survivor annuity, if the
         Qualified Member's vested Individual Account is not greater than $3,500
         for Plan Years beginning prior to January 1, 1998, or $5,000 for Plan
         Years beginning on or after January 1, 1998.

                  If a Qualified Member who is married dies prior to
         commencement of payment of his benefits, the Committee shall direct the
         Trustee to distribute the Qualified Member's Individual Account, as
         calculated under Article VIII, to the Qualified Member's surviving
         spouse in the form of a preretirement survivor annuity, unless the
         Qualified Member has a valid waiver election (as described in Section
         18.11(c) hereof) in effect. A preretirement survivor annuity is an
         annuity which is payable for the life of the Qualified


                                       46
<PAGE>   51


         Member's surviving spouse. The surviving spouse may elect to have the
         preretirement survivor annuity distributed within a reasonable period
         after the Qualified Member's death. The Committee shall direct the
         Trustee to pay the Qualified Member's Individual Account in a lump sum,
         in lieu of a preretirement survivor annuity, if the Qualified Member's
         Individual Account is not greater than $3,500 for Plan Years beginning
         prior to January 1, 1998, or $5,000 for Plan Years beginning on or
         after January 1, 1998.

                  The Committee is not required to distribute any survivor
         annuity described herein to the spouse of a Qualified Member unless the
         Qualified Member and his spouse were married throughout the one-year
         period ending on the earlier of the Qualified Member's annuity starting
         date or the Qualified Member's death; provided, however, this exception
         shall not apply if the Qualified Member marries within one year before
         the annuity starting date and has been married for at least a one-year
         period ending on or before the date of the Qualified Member's death.

                  If the Qualified Member has in effect a valid waiver election
         regarding the qualified joint and survivor annuity or the preretirement
         survivor annuity, the Committee shall direct the Trustee to distribute
         the Participant's Individual Account in accordance with Section 15.1.
         Furthermore, the Qualified Member's surviving spouse may elect the form
         of payment described in Section 15.1 in lieu of the preretirement
         survivor annuity. For purposes of applying this Section 18.11, the
         Committee shall treat a former spouse as the Qualified Member's spouse
         or surviving spouse to the extent required under a qualified domestic
         relations order.

                  (b) Waiver Election - Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity.
         Within a reasonable period of time (no less than thirty (30) days and
         no more than ninety (90) days) before the Qualified Member's annuity
         starting date, the Committee shall provide the Qualified Member a
         written explanation of the terms and conditions of the qualified joint
         and survivor annuity, the Qualified Member's right to make, and the
         effect of, an election to waive the joint and survivor form of benefit,
         the rights of a married Qualified Member's spouse regarding the waiver
         election and the Qualified Member's right to make, and the effect of, a
         revocation of a waiver election.

                  A Qualified Member's waiver election is not valid unless:

                           (1) the Qualified Member makes the waiver election
                  within the ninety (90) day period ending on his annuity
                  starting date;

                           (2) the Qualified Member's spouse (to whom the
                  survivor annuity is payable under the qualified joint and
                  survivor annuity) has consented in writing to the waiver
                  election, the spouse's consent acknowledges the effect of the
                  election, and a notary public or a Committee member (or its
                  representative) witnesses the spouse's consent; and

                           (3) unless the spouse is the Qualified Member's sole
                  primary Beneficiary, the spouse consents to the Qualified
                  Member's Beneficiary designation or to any change in the
                  Qualified Member's Beneficiary Designation.


                                       47
<PAGE>   52


                           Additionally, a Qualified Member's waiver of the
                  qualified joint and survivor annuity shall not be effective
                  unless the election designates a form of benefit payment which
                  may not be changed without spousal consent (or the spouse
                  expressly permits designations by the Qualified Member without
                  any further spousal consent).

                  The Committee may accept as valid a waiver election which does
         not satisfy the spousal consent requirements described in paragraphs
         (2) and (3) above if the Committee establishes that the Qualified
         Member does not have a spouse, the Committee is not able to locate the
         Qualified Member's spouse, or other circumstances prescribed by
         Treasury Department regulations.

                  Any consent by a spouse obtained under this Section (or the
         establishment that the consent of a spouse may not be obtained) shall
         be effective only with respect to such spouse. A consent that permits
         designations by the Qualified Member without any requirement of further
         consent by such spouse must acknowledge that the spouse has the right
         to limit consent to a specific Beneficiary, and a specific form of
         benefit where applicable, and that the spouse voluntarily elects to
         relinquish either or both of such rights. A revocation of a prior
         waiver may be made by a Qualified Member without the consent of the
         spouse at any time before the commencement of benefits. The number of
         revocations shall not be limited. No consent obtained under this
         Section shall be valid unless the Qualified Member has received an
         explanation of the terms and conditions of the qualified joint and
         survivor annuity, as provided herein.

                  (c) Waiver Election - Preretirement Survivor Annuity. The
         Committee shall provide each Qualified Member, within a reasonable
         period after the Member becomes a Qualified Member, a written
         explanation of the terms and conditions of the preretirement survivor
         annuity, the Qualified Member's right to make, and the effect of, an
         election to waive the preretirement survivor annuity, the rights of the
         Qualified Member's spouse regarding the waiver election and the
         Qualified Member's right to make, and the effect of, a revocation of a
         waiver election.

                  For purposes of applying this subsection, a reasonable period
         is the end of the two-year period beginning one year prior to the date
         on which the Member becomes a Qualified Member, and ending one year
         after that date.

                  A Qualified Member's waiver election of the preretirement
         survivor annuity is not valid unless the election satisfies the spousal
         consent requirements described in Section 18.11(b).

         18.12 Qualified Military Service. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Plan to the contrary, contributions, benefits and service credit with respect to
qualified military service will be provided in accordance with Section 414 (u)
of the Code.


                                       48
<PAGE>   53


                                  ARTICLE XIX

                                Top-Heavy Rules

         19.1 Definitions: For purposes of applying the provisions of this
Article XIX:

                  (a) "Key Employee" shall mean, as of any Determination Date
         (as defined below), any Employee or former Employee who, at any time
         during the Plan Year (which includes the Determination Date) or during
         the preceding four Plan Years, is (i) an officer having Annual
         Compensation greater than fifty percent (50%) of the amount in effect
         under Section 415(b)(1)(A) of the Code for any such Plan Year, (ii) one
         of the ten Employees having Annual Compensation of more than the
         limitation in effect under Section 415(c)(1)(A) of the Code and owning
         the largest interests in the Company, (iii) a Five Percent (5%) Owner
         of the Company, or (iv) a One Percent (1%) Owner of the Company who has
         Annual Compensation of more than $150,000. The constructive ownership
         rules of Section 318 of the Code will apply to determine ownership in
         the Company. The Committee will make the determination of who is a Key
         Employee in accordance with Section 416(i)(1) of the Code and the
         regulations under that Code Section. The Beneficiary of a Key Employee
         shall be treated as a Key Employee for purposes of determining whether
         this Plan is top-heavy.

                  (b) "Non-Key Employee" is an Employee who does not meet the
         definition of Key Employee.

                  (c) "Required Aggregation Group" means:

                           (1) Each qualified plan of the Company or an
                  Affiliated Entity (as defined below) in which at least one (1)
                  Key Employee participates or participated at any time during
                  the Plan Year which includes the Determination Date, or during
                  the preceding four Plan Years (regardless of whether the plan
                  has terminated); and

                           (2) Any other qualified plan of the Company which
                  enables a plan described in (1) to meet the requirements of
                  Section 401(a)(4) or Section 410 of the Code.

                  (d) "Permissive Aggregation Group" is the Required Aggregation
         Group plus any other qualified plans maintained by the Company, but
         only if such group would satisfy in the aggregate the requirements of
         Section 401(a)(4) and Section 410 of the Code. The Committee shall
         determine which plans to take into account in determining the
         Permissive Aggregation Group.

                  (e) "Determination Date" for any Plan Year is the Allocation
         Date of the preceding Plan Year or, in the case of the first Plan Year
         of the Plan, the Allocation Date of that Plan Year.


                                       49
<PAGE>   54


                  (f) "Five Percent (5%) Owner" is any person who owns more than
         five percent (5%) of the outstanding stock of the Company or stock
         possessing more than five percent (5%) of the total combined voting
         power of all stock of the Company.

                  (g) "One Percent (1%) Owner" is any person who owns more than
         one percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of the Company or stock
         possessing more than one percent (1%) of the total combined voting
         power of all stock of the Company.

                  (h) "Affiliated Entity" shall mean all the members of (i) a
         controlled group of corporations as defined in Section 414(b) of the
         Code; (ii) a commonly controlled group of trades or businesses (whether
         or not incorporated) as defined in Section 414(c) of the Code; (iii) an
         affiliated service group as defined in Section 414(m) of the Code of
         which the Company is a part; or (iv) a group of entities required to be
         aggregated pursuant to Section 414(o) of the Code and the regulations
         issued thereunder.

         19.2 Determination of Top-Heavy Status: The Plan is top-heavy for a
Plan Year if the top-heavy ratio as of the Determination Date (as defined in
Section 19.1 above) exceeds sixty percent (60%). The top-heavy ratio is a
fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of the present value of the
Individual Accounts of all Key Employees (as defined in Section 19.1 above) as
of the Determination Date, the contributions for all Key Employees that are due
as of the Determination Date, and distributions made to all Key Employees within
the five (5) year period immediately preceding the Determination Date, and the
denominator of which is a similar sum determined for all Employees in the Plan.
If an Employee has not performed any services for the Company or an Eligible
Affiliate at any time during the five (5) year period ending on the
Determination Date, any amount in the Individual Account of such Employee shall
not be taken into account. The Committee shall calculate the top-heavy ratio
without regard to any Non-Key Employee (as defined in Section 19.1 above) who
was formerly a Key Employee. The Committee shall calculate the top-heavy ratio,
including the extent to which it must take into account distributions, rollovers
and transfers, in accordance with Section 416 of the Code and the regulations
under that Code Section.


                                       50
<PAGE>   55


         If the Company maintains other qualified plans (including a simplified
employee pension plan) this Plan is top-heavy only if it is part of the Required
Aggregation Group (as defined in Section 19.1 above), and the top-heavy ratio
for both the Required Aggregation Group and the Permissive Aggregation Group (as
defined in Section 19.1 above) exceeds sixty percent (60%). The Committee will
calculate the top-heavy ratio in the same manner as required by the first
paragraph of this Section 19.2, taking into account all plans within the
aggregation group. The Committee shall calculate the present value of accrued
benefits and the other amounts the Committee must take into account, under
defined benefit plans or simplified employee pension plans included within the
group in accordance with the terms of those plans, Section 416 of the Code and
the regulations under that Code Section. The Committee shall calculate the
top-heavy ratio with reference to the Determination Dates that fall within the
same calendar year.

         19.3 Minimum Company Contribution: Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, for any Plan Year in which this Plan is determined to be
top-heavy pursuant to Section 19.2 hereof, each Non-Key Employee who is an
eligible Member shall be entitled to a supplemental contribution equal to three
percent (3%) of such Non-Key Employee's Annual Compensation, reduced by the
amount of Qualified Nonelective Contributions, if any, allocated to a Member's
Salary Reduction Contribution Account under the Southwest Airlines Co. 401(k)
Plan for the applicable Plan Year. For purposes of this Section 19.3, an
eligible Member is a Non-Key Employee who is employed by the Company on the last
day of the applicable Plan Year.

         The percentage referred to in the preceding paragraph shall not exceed
the percentage of Annual Compensation at which Company contributions are made or
allocated under this Plan and all other qualified defined contribution plans
maintained by the Company, including Salary


                                       51
<PAGE>   56


Reduction Contributions under the Southwest Airlines Co. 401(k) Plan, to the Key
Employee for whom such percentage is the largest; provided, however, this
sentence shall not apply if the Plan is required to be included in an
Aggregation Group and enables a defined benefit plan required to be included in
such group to meet the requirements of Code Sections 401(a)(4) or 410. If the
minimum allocation is made for a Non-Key Employee pursuant to another qualified
plan maintained by the Company, then the minimum allocation requirement will be
considered satisfied for purposes of this Plan.

         19.4 Minimum Vesting: For any Plan Year for which the Plan is top-heavy
beginning after December 31, 1983, the Committee shall calculate the percentage
of the amount in a Member's Employer Savings Account which is vested and
nonforfeitable according to a schedule which is no less rapid than the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Percentage
 Completed Years of Service                                           Payable
 --------------------------                                         ----------

<S>                                                                 <C>
Less than 2 years                                                        0%
2 years but less than 3 years                                           20%
3 years but less than 4 years                                           40%
4 years but less than 5 years                                           60%
5 years but less than 6 years                                           80%
6 years or more                                                        100%
</TABLE>


If the above schedule is less rapid than the vesting schedule which is
applicable under Section 10.1 at the time when the Plan becomes top-heavy, then
the schedule under Section 10.1 shall apply. The Committee shall apply the
vesting schedule set forth above to a Member who earns at least one (1) Hour of
Service after such schedule becomes effective. If the top-heavy status of the
Plan changes so that there is a shift between the vesting schedules set forth
above and set forth in Section 10.1, then a Plan amendment will be deemed to
have occurred so that the provisions of Section 17.1 of the Plan become
applicable.


                                       52
<PAGE>   57


                                   ARTICLE XX

                              Fiduciary Provisions

         20.1 General Allocation of Duties: Each fiduciary with respect to the
Plan shall have only those specific powers, duties, responsibilities and
obligations as are specifically given him under the Plan. The board of directors
of the Company shall have the sole responsibility for authorizing its
contributions under the Plan. The Company shall have the sole authority to
appoint and remove the members of the Committee and to amend or terminate this
Plan, in whole or in part. The Committee shall have the sole authority to
appoint and remove the Trustee and Investment Managers. However, neither the
board nor the Committee shall be liable for any acts or omissions of the Trustee
or Investment Manager or be under any obligation to invest or otherwise manage
any assets of the Trust Fund which are subject to the management of the Trustee
or Investment Manager. Except as otherwise specifically provided, the Committee
shall have the sole responsibility for the administration of the Plan, which
responsibility is specifically described herein. Except as otherwise
specifically provided, the Trustee shall have the sole responsibility for the
administration, investment and management of the assets held under the Plan. It
is intended under the Plan that each fiduciary shall be responsible for the
proper exercise of its own powers, duties, responsibilities and obligations
hereunder and shall not be responsible for any act or failure to act of another
fiduciary, except to the extent provided by law or as specifically provided
herein.

         20.2 Fiduciary Duty: Each fiduciary under the Plan shall discharge its
duties and responsibilities with respect to the Plan:

                  (a) solely in the interest of the Members of the Plan, for the
         exclusive purpose of providing benefits to such Members and their
         Beneficiaries, and defraying reasonable expenses of administering the
         Plan;


                                       53
<PAGE>   58


                  (b) with the care, skill, prudence and diligence under the
         circumstances then prevailing that a prudent man acting in a like
         capacity and familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of an
         enterprise of a like character and with like aims;

                  (c) by diversifying the investments of the Plan so as to
         minimize the risk of large losses, unless under the circumstances it is
         prudent not to do so; and

                  (d) in accordance with the documents and instruments governing
         the Plan insofar as such documents and instruments are consistent with
         applicable law.

         20.3 Fiduciary Liability: A fiduciary shall not be liable in any way
for any acts or omissions constituting a breach of fiduciary responsibility
occurring prior to the date it becomes a fiduciary or after the date it ceases
to be a fiduciary.

         20.4 Co-Fiduciary Liability: A fiduciary shall not be liable for any
breach of fiduciary responsibility by another fiduciary unless:

                  (a) it participates knowingly in, or knowingly undertakes to
         conceal, an act or omission of such other fiduciary, knowing such act
         or omission is a breach;

                  (b) by its failure to comply with Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA
         in the administration of its specific responsibilities which give rise
         to its status as a fiduciary, it has enabled such other fiduciary to
         commit a breach; or

                  (c) having knowledge of a breach by such other fiduciary, it
         fails to make reasonable efforts under the circumstances to remedy the
         breach.

         20.5 Delegation and Allocation: The Committee may appoint
subcommittees, individuals or any other agents as it deems advisable and may
delegate to any of such appointees any or all of the powers and duties of the
Committee. Such appointment and delegations must clearly specify the powers and
duties delegated. Upon such appointment and delegation, the delegating Committee
members shall have no liability for the acts or omissions of any such delegate,
as long as the delegating Committee members do not violate their fiduciary
responsibility in making or continuing such delegation.


                                       54
<PAGE>   59


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Southwest Airlines Co. has caused its corporate
seal to be affixed hereto and these presents to be duly executed in its name and
behalf by its proper officers thereunto duly authorized this 14th day of
September, 2000.

                                             SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
ATTEST:

     /s/ Colleen C. Barrett                  By: /s/ Herbert D. Kelleher
- --------------------------------                ------------------------------
           Secretary                            Herbert D. Kelleher, President

<PAGE>   60


STATE OF TEXAS        (
                      (
COUNTY OF DALLAS      (

         BEFORE ME, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said County and
State, on this 14th day of September, 2000, personally appeared Herbert D.
Kelleher, to me known to be the individual person who subscribed the name of
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO., as its President, to the foregoing instrument and
acknowledged to me that he executed the same as his free and voluntary act and
deed and the free and voluntary act and deed of such corporation, for the uses
and purposes therein set forth.

         GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, the day and year last above
written.

                                      /s/  Linda S. Simmons
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Notary Public in and for the State of Texas

My Commission Expires:

       12/11/00
- ----------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d83557ex23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23


                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

         We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements (Forms S-8 Nos. 333-20275, 33-48178, 33-57327, 33-40652, 33-40653,
333-64431, 333-67627, 333-67631, 333-82735, 333-89303, 333-46560, 333-52388,
333-52390, 333-53610, and 333-53616, and Forms S-3 Nos. 333-38257 and 33-59113)
of Southwest Airlines Co. and in the related Prospectuses of our report dated
January 18, 2001, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
Southwest Airlines Co. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 2000.

                                                   ERNST & YOUNG LLP

                                                   /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Dallas, Texas
January 24, 2001

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
